Excuse me.
test
Hello!
Um...
Gotta go.
Also, screw you.
Hamletta
Birch Road
Ralloh Checkpoint
Hootah Checkpoint
The Crater
Sileris
Farm
Sylva Forest
Forest of Lost Souls
Lymecca
Tower Cape
Little Farm
Misty Rock
Old Homestead
University Tower
Dragon Castle
Desert Ruins
The military is quite active beyond here. Let's not go there.
A big and solid ice crystal.
A crystal made of light.
A crystal of pure darkness.
Benno
Hey, before we go to Stahlheim, let's check out this rock formation over there.
I recognize it from an old map in our fort. Must be important. And I need a fuckin' break, anyway.
Rok
Rrgh... fine.
We gotta go to Stahlheim for now, Reyn.
Watcher
Aw, a bunch of mortals! Wanna buy some supplies? Maybe you won't die as quickly, then.
Thanks! We'll take a look at your goods, sir.
Look... right there, above Stahlheim.
Mattis
Damn, is that where Falgar's residing now?
Slith
A palace, made from the rubble of Stahlheim. Heh, showoff.
We gotta get up there if we want to kick Falgar's ass.
Rrgh. Fucking Falgar. Always makin' everything so complicated.
Karas
It's quite impressive. I wonder if he's still turning humans into slimy little things.
You bet he his. He's got underlings with wings. They can bring him his playthings.
A pity Falgar turned out like this. i Could've learned so much from a powerful demon like him otherwise.
Well, no point in hangin' around here any longer. Let's get on with it.
Black Dragon
Here we are. Let me know if you wish to go back. And... good luck, Dragonsworn.
Do you wish to return to the Black Lake?
Well...
Not now.
Take us back down.
Reyn
We'll keep fighting.
I wish you all the best, my brave warriors.
We'd like to go back down, please.
Very well. Climb onto my back and hold on tight, friends.
Mountain Path
Old Farm
Krihm Valley
Akoh Village
Shadowy Meadows
Lumbak Town
Path to Falgar's Monastery
Path of the Fallen
Cape Deadfall
Fort Langley
Stahl Dam
Rock Formation
Lower Stahlheim
Dark Beach
Steep Cliffs
Castle of Eternal Suffering
Black Lake
Shadow Forest
Northgale
Angel Gate
Troll Caverns
Mount Deathridge
Yuath Desert
Ancient Forest
Falgar's Abode
Tranton Village
Freezing Beach
Globrock
Gohdoh Swamp
Swamp Man
Please leave me alone. I don't like humans. They always only wish to hurt me.
I wouldn't hurt you, sir. I prefer pleasing men like you.
Really? You'd please a swamp monster like me?
Yes, sir.
It's... quite hard to believe...
Hrm...
*Say Nothing*
Come live with us so Reyn can serve you.
You should come and live with us. Reyn can show you that humans can be good.
You can make him your bitch and order him around. How's that sound?
I'd like that very much. Where is this place of yours?
Here's how you can get there...
Poor guy must've had a few bad encounters with humans.
Yeah, and now you can show him that not all of you are out to hurt him. Give him some love, suck his dick every day.
I will, boss.
Slug Man
Heeey... welcome.
Nice to meet you, sir!
Mmhh... nice little human.
We sure like company and dudes who play with our private parts.
You look like you could use a nice dose of musky slime.
I'd love that, sir.
Yeah, you should give those big'n slimy fellas some love.
Mmh... I would love to make use of your holes, little guy. My husband and me will fill you up good.
Maybe later.
I'd love to serve you, sir.
We'll be back once we have more time.
Heh. Make time for it soon, then. And make sure you've got some space in your belly.
I'd love to serve you and your husband, sir!
Very good. Undress for me, little human.
Haha, this guy knows what's up!
So handsome. You'll be even prettier once you're covered in our slime.
Our skin produces more slime when we're aroused, human.
SlugMan2
We better make sure you get a good taste of everything we have to offer.
Get on all fours for us, handsome.
Lick my man's cock and taste his slime.
Our dicks are a big, flexible muscle. Makes fucking tight holes like yours much easier.
Feel how deep I can get inside you, boy? I can really work your prostate hard. You're at my cock's mercy, haha!
My cock's slime is gonna cover your throat's insides, makin' goin' in and out really easy. It'll reduce your gag reflex, too.
Suck my husband's cock now, boy.
Your throat feels good. Let me slime it up good for ya.
Use your tongue to massage my shaft and massage me with your throat muscles.
Such a tight ass. Gonna stretch it a bit. I'll be good and go slow.
Fuck... I'm gonna cum! Right into your throat.
Rrghh... same. Let's fill our little human up good.
Slug man cum tastes good, right, boy?
Looks like he loves it. His asshole is overflowing with my cum, too!
We're not done with you yet, though. Clean our cocks up, then lie down on your back.
Heh, you're comfortable to sit on, boy. We're gonna cover you in our musky ass slime.
We want you to smell like our assholes for days. Let that gunk seep into your pores!
Give my asshole some tongue-kisses down there.
Fuck, yeah. That feels good. Suck up my ass slime.
You really like our slime'n musk, huh? Such a good boy.
Lookin' good down there!
Yeah. He's not gonna get that stinkin' slime off any time soon.
We love human bitches like you. Thanks for your service!
Wow, I can smell ya from here, Reyn! Pretty intense musk. Nice!
There's nothing quite like the smell of a slug man's ass slime.
Let's take a breather and let our stink seep into his skin real good.
Yeah. Relax and enjoy our slime, boy.
Thanks for bein our cum dump. You'll find yourself craving for more of our slime soon... it's known to be quite addicting.
All: ATK +5
What an adorable little human you are. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you, sir!
We like livin' in the shadow of cold rocks. Keeps our skin moist'n slimy.
FatBoy2
You look quite shiny and slick, sir!
Heheh, thanks. Touch my belly if you like.
So soft and slimy. Feels nice.
You like these slug fellows, eh? Maybe we should find one you can serve.
Goblin
They say slug man slime is good for one's skin. Maybe I should bottle some and sell it.
One more reason to get myself thoroughly slimed by these slug fellas.
Haha, do it! You'll be slick'n slimy for days.
Their slime would give you a nice shine and smell, slave.
How's it lookin'? Seems pretty strong. I can feel the magic in my bones.
It's very strong light magic.
That's not exactly your element, friend.
True. Let's see...
Nnghh... this is...
Hey, don't overdo it, big guy!
Ugh, fuck... this hurts.
Are you alright, sir Karas?
Yes. I think I've found what I needed.
Forcing yourself to ingest a light spell... an impressive feat.
I just hope it will hurt less over time.
You should be glad you've not dropped dead, friend.
Shall we go and see if this new power will work?
Yes. Let's go to my hometown and give it a go.
Man from the Depths
Strength matters very much in this world. To the west of here, a snake-like creature devours all sea life in the area.
I cannot stop it... but maybe YOU can.
We'll try to help you out, sir.
Good luck, land dwellers. Especially to you, soft little human.
I'll hire you to train Reyn. (15000 G)
You've slain the murderous sea snake. I am impressed!
Now, how can I thank you?
I'd like you to come and live with us, sir. I'll take care of your needs. ALL your needs.
What an intriguing offer. I could use a flexible tongue serving my private parts. Very well, I'll live with you.
Alkion
Call me Alkion. Serve me well, little human.
I will, sir! Here's how to get to our place...
I bet he tastes salty.
Salty and musky. You'll love it, I'm sure!
Kilmar
We can actually hire some teachers and build a proper school!
TurtleMan3
I'm glad everything's going well.
Hey, thanks, you guys. Your sure helped this town a ton. Our chief will be extremely pleased.
Looks like my little brother will be in good hands with you, friends.
Heheh, yeah. I love my new buddies.
It's good you found some happiness, little guy. And if anything bad happens, you can always come to me.
.
Oh... you're gesturing towards your stuff, sir lizard? We can buy some?
Hey, big bro. Look at this thing!
Turtle Man
A golden diamond-studded goblet? That looks really valuable.
You bet it is! That'll cover the costs, right?
Yeah, that'll keep us in the green for quite a few years!
What are you planning to do, sir?
Ah, yes. We should tell your friends what this is all about. Now, my name is Kilmar, and Mattis is my little brother.
We've been having trouble educating our young ones for years. We're poor and don't have any scholars living here.
I've done my best to teach the kids the basics, but I'm hitting my limits. We've been wanting to hire proper teachers, but didn't have the funds.
But now we do, right?
Yes. We should be able to build a basic school and hire some educators now.
I've already found some orc contractors and potential teachers. We'll ask our goblin merchant to sell the goblet for us.
You've done really well, little brother. And you've even made some friends along the way!
Yeah, they're pretty great. I love 'em so much.
Heheh. Well, have fun out there and don't get in trouble. What with all the bad news about Stahlheim...
We'll take good care of your little brother, sir.
Very good. Thank you.
Ah, hello. I'm preparing some lessons for tomorrow's class. I'm a bit in over my head here.
Are you a teacher?
Well, let's just say I'm trying my best here.
Hey, little brother. How goes the treasure hunt?
Well, uh... I've got some leads, I think.
Well, good luck out there. And remember -- you can just come back home if it's not working out.
Turtle Boy
There's no school today and ma's workin' the fields. Teach says I can read books and stuff until she comes home!
TurtleMan4
Do you like reading?
Yeah, but I'm so slow at it. Teach says I need more practice.
Turtle Guard
Whoa, so many big fellas! Come right in and rest up, warriors.
Oh, Mattis? Nice to see ya, bud. You should come home more often.
Heh, you're right.
This side o' the mountains is always so cloudy. Ah well, more rain for our fields!
TurtleMan2
Oh, Mattis? You haven't sucked me off in a while, little guy. Stop by some time and blow me real good, haha!
Sure thing!
Hey, you guys a band o' adventurers or somethin'? Like in those stories?
That's not far off, sir. We're looking into the Stahlheim situation.
Yeah, I've heard some wild rumors. Wonder how many of 'em are true...
Goblin Merchant
Heheh, do I spy a few potential customers? I got all the latest and greatest gear'n stuff!
Goblin2
Orc
Let's see if that fish dinner's gonna pan out. Lots of protein for my muscles!
Gotta keep growing those big green orc muscles, sir!
For sure! Feel free to touch my pecs, little guy.
Mmh... rock hard and hairy.
Haha, exactly.
Hello, sir!
Big Lizard
Hrrrsss.... rrrhellooh, rrhumannh.
You've got such pretty scales... they're shining in the sunlight.
Rheeheh... rrsss...
Fish Man
Hey, fellas. The mountain water's so fresh and cold. You should go swimming with me!
I'm not a fan of cold water. You'd have to keep me warm.
I'll keep you warm with my body, little human. I'll hold you real tight.
Now that sounds nice.
This thing... demonic powers are sealed within.
If we destroy it, my powers may return!
Then that's what we'll do, Master Slith.
Hrrss... yes! Do it, slave!
Master Slith... did your powers return?
They did, slave. And I'll test them on YOU right now.
Please do, Master!
Then come, little soul. I shall show you your place!
If it were up to me, I'd abandon your body and keep you in your soul form forever.
Now, we can still have some very special fun like this.
How about we make you into something... slimy? Yes, a slimy liquid.
I'll have to enlist the help of your owner.
Rok... spit on your soulbound. Make it thick and slimy, from the back of your throat.
Haha, sure.
Here. One big, nasty orc loogie for my little bitch.
My, my. So very thick and green. Nice! Just a little more, please.
You like it warm and slimy, right? A little spit bath.
I love your spit, boss!
Alright, then let's turn you into Rok's thick throat slime -- but very slowly.
Damn, Reyn! You're turnin' all green and slimy, just like my spit!
A sentient puddle of orc spit... a perfect form for my plaything.
Fuckin' hilarious! Melt into spit for us, Reyn.
Wow... he's nothing but a little slime puddle now.
This shape really suits him. His senses are dominated by the taste of your spit, and the feeling of being utterly helpless.
Man, my throat gunk really is nasty. Are you enjoying yourself down there, Reyn?
Oh, I'm sure he is. Now let's put him where a spit puddle like him belongs.
Come, slime. Ooze and drip onto my tongue.
Hold on tight to his slimy tongue, Reyn!
Haha, you taste quite nasty, slave. You ARE mostly snot and spit, after all.
How do you like your home for the next few hours, little spit puddle? Get a good taste of my tongue and my own spit.
Yes... cling to my maw's inside, my teeth and gums. And worship my tongue!
Nice! Give him a good taste of your mouth.
You can enjoy my maw while we take a little break, slave. I'll turn you back after. Be good in there! Absorb the dirt from my teeth and grime from my tongue.
Yeah, put him to good use. As useful a mouthful of spit can be, at least.
See? That is my power, slave. To shape and change you as I please. Did you enjoy this demonstration?
It feels so unbelievably good to be dominated like this by you, Master. Being in your maw was amazing.
Hrrss... such a good slave. I look forward to play with you some more.
Haha, we can get really creative now! How about we have you spend a day as a hair on my balls? Or we make you into Benno's asshole?
Mmh, nice. You should fuck me thoroughly when he's trapped down there.
Excellent ideas! I'll gladly fulfill all your wishes.
All: MAG +5
Hrrsss... are you all well prepared to face Goraia?
I'm a bit nervous, Master Slith.
Hmph, as you should be, little mortal. We are facing a fragment of the Fallen One, a god corrupted by darkness. Stay close to your Masters, slave.
Technically, Goraia is the father of all demons. He created us to hunt down souls for him.
But after the Dragon Goddess Alea sealed him beneath the earth, my kind took over Goraia's previous duties of cleansing darkened souls.
You must be doing quite well on that front, Master Slith. Your castle is filled with souls.
Oh, indeed. Some of them may never return to the soul stream and be reborn, as they are too far gone.
Heheh, I bet you love it when they're all yours forever.
Quite so. I love my throne's living cushion, a former soldier. And my foot rest, one of Stahlheim's previous kings.
Hah. Most human kings end up in hell, I bet.
There's some truth to that. I've got quite a few of them in my special care.
Hey, Reyn... you'll belong to Master Slith when you give up the ghost, right? You'll be in good hands!
Haha, hey Slith... what would you do with me if I were to give you my soul?
Hmm... you'd be a good jailmaster. I'd have you help me punish my souls. Want to sign up? Just promise me ownership over your soul... heheh.
Damn, that's so fuckin' tempting. Gonna think about it.
Now, shall we return to the matter at hand? We must destroy Goraia's fragment before it can escape.
Keep us all healed up during the battle ahead, little slave!
I will, Master Slith.
Goraia
Ah, the dragons' little warriors. Of course.
Look up. The light of the mortal world is already shining through. It wouldn't take much more for me to break free.
All these humans, reduced to vermin and insects. Their resulting excess energy was quite tasty.
But then, you came. There are even some of my children among you, little Dragonsworn Warriors.
I does feel like a betrayal, to have you ripped away from me by those winged scaly worms.
Thanks to the dragons, my body rests here, broken and buried. But my hunger still tortures me. So I shall make a meal out of you!
You could just go back to sleep, Goraia. There's no need to fight.
Eh, I kinda want to kick his big ass.
We must make sure he remains buried. His hunger for souls is boundless. So many would die by his hand.
You are not wrong, my child. I would love to feast on mortals with you by my side. But you've decided to serve the wyrms instead. Such a pity.
Come, then. Let us test how strong this mere fragment of my being is.
Grrahh... I can no longer... move...
You've won. I admit defeat.
That must be hard for someone like you.
This body will not last much longer. You there, orc... may I make use of your little submissive soulbound before this form breaks apart?
Reyn, give his big cock a nice goodbye.
Gladly, boss.
Pleasure me, human.
Mmh... yes, sir.
Damn, his cock is fuckin' musky. Get in deep, Reyn. Get a good taste of his masculinity.
Yes... service my dickhole, human.
Taste the essence of your god.
Heh... make him cum hard, Reyn!
It is your purpose in life to serve men -- and to make them cum.
You'll service all our cocks after this, slave.
And our feet. Especially after all that walkin' around.
Me, I want his tongue workin' my sweaty asshole.
Sounds like you'll be quite busy. Now lick my dickhole harder, cocksucker!
Rrrgh! Drown in my divine seed!
Now that's what I love to see! Good job, Reyn!
Like how it tastes? Smells pretty potent.
Ooooh... I've not spilled my seed in such a long time. Thank you, little human.
You'll never forget drinking of my essence.
Yeah, eatin' a fallen god's cum is pretty special, right? Swallow as much of it as you can, Reyn!
The depths of the earth claim me once more...
Not a bad way to go -- right after shooting a huge load like that.
Farewell... for now...
He's gone.
Yeah. It's for the best.
Looks like you enjoyed serving him. You just love cocks of all shapes'n sizes, eh?
Sure do. Need your cock serviced, boss?
Heh, sure. We'll all make good use of you once we're outta here.
Rrsss... we still need to settle things with Falgar. Let's hurry back.
Yeah, no point in hangin' around here any longer, now that the big guy's sleepin' again. Hopefully forever.
How should we deal with Falgar's mess?
I know exactly what we'll do. Come.
Lord Falgar
Look at this one... he loves being my pet. He used to be a soldier. Now he just wants to serve my body and cuddle with me.
There undoubtedly are quite a few humans who'd love to be yours in this way.
But from now on, you'll only transform those that wish to be changed.
You may have your little utopia on this floating rock -- being served by willing mortal souls.
You'll return those who wish to go back to their boring human lives to the city below and help them rebuild their homes.
Very well, that seems fair. I agree to your terms.
Heh, it looks like this one wants to stay and serve my feet. Good worm! Then my feet will be your home now. You'll suck them clean for me every day.
You'll be much happier with willing slaves like him. And hey, I'll let you borrow Reyn if you need a toy.
Oh, I'd love to play with him. But look, your little soulbound seems to be busy serving my pet.
Yeah. Give that dino some love, Reyn. The little guy deserves it.
Yes... do as my pet demands, little Reyn.
Good! Show him who's in charge, Skarr! Dominate him for me.
Skarr
Skrrrhh... rrrlick!
See how big a submissive bitch Reyn can be? There are many others like him, Falgar. You should make them all yours and give their life meaning.
I shall be their master! I will put them to work, and they'll serve me and my underlings.
Perfect. Use them to come up with whole new levels of total submission and domination!
I could shrink some of them and give them to my pet as slaves.
If Reyn likes to be Skarr's bitch, so will many others.
Rrrr... sssuck!
Skarr sure means business! Suck him off properly, Reyn.
Mmmggh...  mmnh.
Wow. If the little guy's cock tastes the way it smells, you're in for a treat down there!
I'll make sure you get to play with many slaves like him, my pet. Make him swallow your seed!
Mmh... well done, pet! You've really shown Reyn his place -- below your feet, under your scaly cock!
Ain't that the truth. But you're not gonna leave a mess, are you, Reyn?
Mmmh...
You're gonna swallow all that cum and give his cock'n balls a tongue bath.
And hey, my sweaty nuts are fuckin' full, so you better drain 'em for me later, too.
Yes... we all could use a warm mouth for our cocks.
We can all chill back at my place while little Reyn serves us.
Keep eatin' that cum, Reyn. You'll stay down there until you've swallowed it all.
You still hungry, Reyn? We all need some release.
I'm always ready to make you all cum, boss.
Mmmh... such a good boy.
We've all got sore muscles and aching feet. Your mouth servicin' our cocks will make us feel so much better.
Work hard for our seed, slave!
Yeah. You'll suck me off first, Reyn.
Your tight throat feels so good, boy.
I'm gonna keep training you until you can fit it in completely.
Hah, that's gonna be a tough one, what with your stinkin' cock bein' so thick.
Hey, it's not like yours will fit any easier. And your fuckin' balls stink much more than mine. How do you even do that?
Hey, it is what it is. I'm a big sweaty fella.
Reyn likes it musky'n sweaty, anyway. No point in washin' your nuts! Just have him lick 'em clean.
Yeah, that'd be a good use of his tongue. Keepin' our sweaty balls fresh.
A slave like Reyn derives great pleasure from their masters' musk and sweat. Let us all skip tomorrow's morning routine and just have Reyn service us instead.
Good idea. You'll be amazed by how musky demons like me can get, slave.
Nnngh... you're gonna get a good dose o' manliness tomorrow, but for now... rrrgh... you better swallow my cum!
Yeah, that's the stuff! Keep swallowin' while I'm still pumpin'!
You love my thick orc jizz, right?
Mmnnnh...
Heheh, don't talk while your mouth's full. Eat up, then service the others, boy.
I'll have to return to my tribe tomorrow, so savour this, little slave.
I'll take you to my home some time so you can get to know my fellow trolls up close and personally.
I'm sure they'll love your flexible tongue and your mouth's softness and warmth.
Yes... swallow my cum, little slave. May you never forgot the taste of my cum.
Your place among men and monsters is in front of their cocks, on your knees.
Gotta get back to treasure hunting soon, Reyn. But I'll stop by regularly and have you tend to my cock.
Hey, if you love cock that much, then I know a guy you should meet back in my village.
Nnngh... nice one, Reyn! Your mouth's the fuckin' best.
You're gonna clean all that up for me, right?
Mhm.
Good boy. Enjoy your meal.
I'll probably be here less from now on, got some shit to work through. But I'll have you drain my balls every now'n then.
We're gonna have a ton of fun with ya here, boy. You'll be servicin' me every day.
Rrrgh... swallow, bitch! And keep my cock in your mouth until it's soft.
Perfect. I like it when cum-sluts like you follow my orders. Rok trained you well for sure.
I'll have to figure out how to restore my powers properly. I'll visit regularly and use you to exercise. Now suck hard, slave!
With my powers restored, I really should take you to my castle for a little vacation. You'll be amazed by the things I can do to you, my little cocksucking slave!
Salty, bitter and hot... you love how I taste, yes?
Mhmyes, msthr.
Then swallow my seed, little slave! Every drop.
Hrrrsss... you truly are made for total servitude.
Damn, I still got some jizz in my shaft.
Yes, same for me. Let's simply squeeze out the last drops.
You leaky fuckers, haha! Guess Reyn should just suck on our cocks a little harder next time.
Give my foot a nice tongue bath, slave.
Good. Suck the sweat off of my toes. And lick up these last few drops of cum!
Such a squishy little bitch, takin' the pressure of our big sweaty feet so well! You fuckin' human doormat.
We're all gettin' a bit tired, so how about we have Reyn service our feet and then we turn in for the night?
Sounds good. Can we crash in your oversized bed, Rok?
Sure, it's big enough for us all. Little Reyn can sleep at our feet. You'd like that, right, slave?
Mhmn.
Heheh, of course you would. Now lick harder!
Hm... they're all sleeping already.
They've worked really hard, after all.
I love how their musk fills the room. Such intense masculinity.
You'll certainly smell like Benno's balls all day tomorrow, slave.
I bet you can even smell it in your soul form, yes?
Yeah. It's like it's enveloping me. I love Master Benno's musk.
Good. We can let your body rest, but I'll make you serve your friends in your soul form.
Benno's still sweating -- especially under his arm. Help him out a little, slave.
Lick his sweaty, musky pit clean for him.
Haha, you're all soggy and covered in his sweat! Well, we better have you service his other pit, too.
Hm, look... Rok's cock is covered in pre, sweat and cum stains.
You better clean that up, slave. You were supposed to lick him clean properly earlier, after all. Now get to work!
I'm sure you'll do a better job in the future, slave. And if you don't, I'M gonna make you!
Mmh... Mattis' feet are a musky mess, are they not? Good thing there's you!
That are between his toes is where all his old sweat and grime collects. Clean it up good, slave.
Tasty, isn't it? It's like a foot buffet at your size! Eat it all up.
Heh, look... Karas' tongue is hanging out. How slimy it is!
How about you suck up some of his tongue slime? Let's see how much of his saliva we can fit in you.
Oh, you seem to love it quite a bit, slave! We should let him know. I bet he'd love to make you swallow his slimy spit.
Now you're gonna serve ME, slave! Come.
Mmh... climb inside my maw.
You'll spend the night in here, slave. Yes, I'll have you work hard!
You'll clean my teeth with your hands and your tongue. This'll take you quite a while at your size, but you've got all night to finish up.
You may eat whatever you find stuck between my teeth. It'll be all softened up by my saliva, so you shouldn't have trouble swallowing it.
My teeth better feel clean and smooth by tomorrow! And once you're done, you'll crawl under my tongue and rest there.
Heheh... my saliva shall seep into your very being and make you feel slimy for days.
I'll also go to sleep now. Keep working hard in there, slave!
Make sure I'll be happy with the job you're doing, or you'll be punished.
Goodnight, little maw slave!
Troll
You really helped save us from the curse, little human?
So he did. He can fight well, despite his small size and lack of bulk.
Reyn, this is Alukk. He was one of the petrified villagers.
Alukk
Good little human. I want to thank you personally for helpin' us.
Haha, such a fuckin' lightweight! You're adorable.
Mmmh... you taste nice, too.
Usually, humans find a troll's smell'n taste a bit much, but you like it, don't ya?
I love it, sir.
Good on ya. A troll's kiss tastes of salt'n rock. I filled your mouth with my saliva so you can really savour it.
Mmmmhh...
Heh, take your time swallowin' it. It's all a lot thicker than what you're used to.
Now how about you lose those clothes so we can get more comfortable?
Yeah, suck on my dickhole, little guy. Tickle it with your tongue.
Not much else a tiny fella like you can do, haha!
I'm pretty sensitive down there, bet you can make me cum by workin' my cock's hole.
Haha, fuck... picking up the pace, yeah? Feels great!
Rrrghh... take my load, tiny bitch!
Haha, I barely can see you under all that cum!
Did you enjoy my little ''thank you''? You can be my little bitch whenever you want, so stop by again soon.
Catch your breath and eat your fill of my cum, then let's go get us some beers.
Your beer's gonna be comin' outta my dick after I downed a few, though. I wanna see how much troll piss you can chug!
Why does your acquaintance live so far away from your village?
You'll see why in a moment, Reyn.
It's not far anymore, just past these hills.
It's nice to hike with you like this, by the way.
Hey, good to know. We should do this on the reg!
Giant Turtle
Heheh... hello there, tiny man.
Reyn, this is Galyn, our village chief.
H-hello, sir!
No need to be nervous. I just want to show you my appreciation for helping my little community.
Now, Mattis told me that you like to be compensated in... unique ways. Very entertaining ways.
I shall make you mine for a while, little Reyn!
Don't worry. I'll be gentle with you. Humans are quite fragile.
How easily you submit yourself to a beast like me. I love it!
Can't get enough of me, yes?
Then let's see how much of my mass and size you can take, human.
If my balls are too heavy for you, all you need to do is to beg for mercy. But it looks like you enjoy being buried under them -- and my cock, as well.
You're certainly sturdier than you look. Keep squirming under there, it feels good!
Trying to make me cum, yes? I'll help you a little.
Oohhh... you're tickling my cock just right.
Oh, fuck... you've done it now!
Grrrrgh... hnnf...
Damn, your cumshots are somethin' else, chief!
Well, if you were as big as me, your loads would also almost drown this little human.
I think you need to help him out from under there, or he'll suffocate under all my cum.
On it, boss!
Help him clean up a bit and let's rest for a while.
Big guy's sleepin'. I think he had a few beers too many, haha!
So, uh, when I told him to shove you up his ass for fun I was kinda joking.
Didn't think he'd keep ya in there for the night. Are you gonna be fine like this?
His ass feels nice, but he's fuckin' musky down here.
Yeah, he's got a big, stinky asshole for sure. But you'll manage.
You won't mind if I use your cute lil' face as a footrest, right?
*Mpf*
Give my sweaty soles some licks, Reyn.
How about you service my foot until I fall asleep? You'll do that for me, yeah?
Mhmmm...
No idea why you like my rough sweaty-ass feet so much, but hey, I'll happily accept your service. Now lick harder, foot slave!
Man, I love makin' you my bitch like this.
Alright, enough for today. I'm sweatin' through and through.
Nice workout, though.
Now what do YOU think, Reyn?
Is my asshole sweaty enough yet?
Suck my hole clean for me, boy.
Heheh, thaaat's it. I can feel you workin' hard in there. Keep it up.
Damn, my boots stink.
Real moist and damp in there, too.
These leather insoles don't really absorb my foot sweat all that well.
But hey, that's what I've got YOU for. Clean that insole well for me, little bitch.
My salty foot stink tastes great, doesn't it?
Got a little job for ya before I take a bath.
You're gonna lick my sweaty, stinkin' dick clean.
Rok says it's important to give you a real good sampling of masculinity every day.
My cock's as musky as it gets after all this work, so get to it.
Make sure to slide your little tongue across every skin fold.
Mmmh... such a good little slave. Keep lickin' up my stink, boy.
Hey, I love playin' with you in your soul form...
...but nothing beats fuckin' your normal body's tight hole.
And I really love sharin' you with Rok, Reyn.
Hey, he's got two holes so he needs two dicks, right?
Yeah. Gotta make the most of our little bitch.
Damn, boy... I love plowin' your ass.
Rrrgh... fuck...
Shit, yeah! I'm comin', too.
Heheh, you can't even keep my big load inside you. Must've filled you up good.
Yeah, it's wild how much cum your fat hairy balls can produce. But the same goes for mine, it looks like.
How about you give our cocks'n balls a nice clean-up, Reyn?
Yeah, can't be wastin' our tasty cum. I got some on the sheets, so you'll have to suck that up, too.
Later, you'll cook us somethin' nice and suck us off before we hit the hay.
Fuck, yeah. That's the life!
Hrrrss.... you've had an hour to settle in, slave. That should be enough.
I hope you enjoy being reduced to essentially being my dickhole. This is what you'll be for a week.
I've stretched your senses down into my cock so you can really savour this, slave.
Can you still taste the residue of my last piss? Now imagine what it'll feel and taste like when I take a stinkin' piss with you stuck as my dickhole.
Oh, I appear to be dribbling with pre. I AM quite pent up and horny right now.
My pet here is going to help me out.
A hellhound's maw feels quite nice. You'll see, slave.
Yes, give him a few licks. Make him taste that hellhound slobber.
Breathe in deep, slave. Smell his hot, stinky breath.
Hellhounds aren't known for being gentle. This may be a rough ride for you.
But I believe pain and pleasure are inextricably linked.
Rrrsss... pleasure me, hound. Make me cum.
Oh, I do so love it when he uses his teeth.
His soft, slimy tongue and his sharp fangs make for a nice contrast of sensations. I can feel you're a bit overwhelmed, but a dickhole has no say in anything.
Feel how rock hard you are right now? My blood pumping through you?
Haha, your mind is reeling with the rush and the sensations of pleasure and pain! This only turns me on so much more, slave.
Rrrgh... fuck, yes! Feel my warm cum pump through you!
My seed is dominating your entire being, dickhole. You're filled with it, your senses are experiencing it thoroughly.
It was a simple orgasm for me, but for a little dickhole like you, it's an intense, world-shattering string of sensations.
Mmh... can you feel this burning sensation at the very back of your being? This pressure? Can you guess what that is, slave?
Aahh... sweet release.
I usually have to piss right after cumming, little dickhole.
Just relax and enjoy my urine rushing through you, and the salty, bitter taste that'll stay with you for quite a while after.
Haha, feels like this is a bit much for you. Well, better get used to it! Remember, you'll be stuck down there for six more days, slave.
Here's something that'll help with the bitterness of my piss.
Let my saliva flow into to you, dickhole. Give it a thorough taste.
This is going to be an exciting week for you. I've thought of many interesting ways to get an orgasm.
There are quite a few demons with nice, fuckable assholes. Tight ones, big and slobbery ones.
And you'll find yourself deep inside their holes. You'll taste their insides and feel their tight musky anus around you.
I'll enjoy this very much. As for you, you'll feel completely dominated as you try to work through all these sensations, smells and tastes.
Haha, even my spit seems to do quite a number on you. Very good!
I'll stop acknowledging you for the rest of the week now, dickhole. It's all part of the experience.
Who talks to their cock hole, right? Enjoy your vacation, slave.
My soul domination training with Slith is payin' off. Wanna see my newest trick?
Yes, please!
Haha, you're always so eager to be my bitch. I love it.
Alright, I gotta concentrate. The important part is forcin' my will onto your being.
Can you feel my thoughts inside you? My intent?
I feel an intense pressure... like I need to be smaller for you.
Exactly.
Now you're an even tinier bitch, haha!
I could make you the size of a fuckin' dust speck, but this'll do for today.
You're gonna stay like this for the night.
Go find yourself a nice'n musky skin fold to crawl under.
Haha, you're like a little ant, crawlin' around on my cock.
Can't wait to show the others how tiny a bitch you can be. Gonna shove you into Benno's dickhole.
Damn, I'm gettin' tired.
Yeah, that's a good spot for ya, Reyn. My dick's skin folds are gonna keep you safe and warm.
Good night, cock slave.
Good night, boss. I love you.
Love ya, too.
My little bitch... all mine... forever.
Demon
Look at how dumb these eel humans look. We love pissin' in their water, haha!
They're kinda cute.
You should join 'em, then. Hope you like demon piss!
You'd love swimmin' in his piss, I bet.
Heh... yeah.
Hellhound
Rrrr...
So this is where you do your business, doggie?
Rrrrwwf!
Haha, these worm fellas seem to enjoy their hellhound crap!
Rrrrwoof!
HellHound2
Are you guarding these worm humans, doggie?
Rrwwf.
And you're... feeding them, it seems. They seem to like it.
Impressive! Falgar gave his slimy pets a craving for bodily waste. He's quite skilled at this.
Heheh. I wonder if they'd like fresh orc shit.
I'm sure they'd love it.
Rrrr.
HellHound3
Keep those little buggers in check, boy!
Rrwwoof!
Cock Man
Fuck... I spent a day up this large demon dude's ass. And he didn't clean me afterwards.
You sure smell like shit, buddy.
I dunno why, but I can't wait to be shoved into his butthole again.
You tasted demon ass and you liked it. Nothin' more to it.
Guess I like bein' a demon sex toy.
I rather enjoy turning souls into tools of pleasure, too.
That demon always shoves me up his ass before he goes to bed. And he covers me in his spit to make me slide in easier.
SoldierDick2
He made you his personal dildo, huh?
Yeah. He doesn't even acknowledge me, and just uses me as he wants.
Heh. He made you into his toy. You're just a thing to him now.
Yeah...
Better get used to it, little dick guy.
Got some cum to spare for our cum worms? Or would you rather join them?
W-well...
You little cum slut.
Oh, I would love to see you writhe in my cum as a slimy, lowly worm.
Hey, little guy. The boss lets us grunts use all his amenities. Human lords would never do that, right?
FatDemon2
That's true.
They even tried to get rid of all non-humans. Good that Falgar stepped in. Now they're all tiny slimy creatures!
Wanna be a little fishie in my bathwater? You'd gnaw skin flakes off of my feet for food'n shit.
Aw, I bet you'd be a real cute fishie.
That'd be the perfect life for you, slave -- servicing demon feet.
A little human? You can say goodbye to your humanity and havin' legs.
FatDemon3
I hope Falgar turns you into somethin' real nasty.
Um, like what?
How about a shit-eating slug? That'd suit ya. You could live in our stinkin' outhouse!
Guess I'd never go hungry then.
I'll put you on toilet duty in my castle soon, Reyn. You'll be... FEASTING.
We'll all be using you, of course.
General Korvus
I am General Korvus. There is something odd about you lot. Some sort of... glib smugness. I HATE that.
We'd like an audience with Lord Falgar.
You're aware you'll be made into whatever little slimy creature Falgar thinks of, yes?
We all can't wait to become worms and serve all o' you demons.
Reyn here would love to be your personal pet worm and suck the grime and sweat off of your feet. Right, Reyn?
Yes, sir. I would love to belong to you.
Hrm. There is something very wrong with you people. Follow me inside. I need to inspect you all properly.
I believe he is on to us.
Wouldn't surprise me. We're as suspicious as it gets.
Nngh... I may have failed, but Lord Falgar is not easily bested. You'll end up as tiny slimy animals, just like all the others.
Korvus1b
You all will know true humiliation and grovel at my feet. And I'll simply laugh and bring my foot down on you.
I wouldn't mind experiencing your foot on my face, but we have to go and talk to Falgar.
I hope you'll all suffer a slow and excruciating transformation, little mortals!
Big Demon
The water's nice today. You can join me if you want, little fellas.
Thank you, sir.
Love me a good soak. This water smells like my armpits on a humid summer day's eve, though.
Something tells me I should just get rid of you -- now. You're nothing but trouble.
Can we not just go and meet Lord Falgar? We'll behave and be courteous!
We're good friends of the lord, he'll be happy to see us.
There they are again. The glib, smug lies. I'll crush you right here, right now!
Well, fuck it. We tried being nice, at least. Get ready, everyone!
Rok... I almost forgot about you and your pitiful little soulbound. How do you like my new home?
Falgar, I think you've been overdoin' it quite a bit. So we went and met some dragons.
They, too, believe you must be stopped.
Playing heroes, are we? Dragonsworn and some-such nonsense?
Well, you leave me no choice but to turn you all into tiny slugs!
Rrrgh... why is it not working? Is this the fault of those meddlesome dragons?!
Haha, yeah. Didn't know dragon cum was so powerful.
Aah!
No! My strength! Lord Goraia...
Hmph. I suspected you had forged a deal with the Fallen One. Well, this is where it ends, my lord.
Ha! I can still break your tiny, frail bodies with sheer might! Now FACE ME!
Please! No more! I surrender!
Good. Let's have a little chat, Falgar.
Well, big guy... what should we do with you and the mess you've made?
The Fallen One tore holes into our world, and even created a a gateway through my very soul.
Hrrss... you let Goraia inside you. All so you can enact your revenge.
Now tell me -- did I lose my powers because of you?
The Fallen One redirected demonkind's collective powers to let me wield them. It seemed like a good deal at the time.
We have to sever Goraia's reach. The Fallen One must remain buried, or his hunger and hatred will devour us all.
If you wish to stop him, you'll have to go to his world -- Goraia's Domain. You may enter it through my soul.
Go through here, but take care -- Goraia's Domain will be quite dangerous.
Alright. Behave while we're in there, got it?
Raptor
Skrrrr...
Cute little guy.
He used to be a human. I asked what animal he'd like to be, so I granted him his wish. He's my good, obedient pet now.
He likes to serve you.
Yes. Skarr is a lot like you, human. Utterly devoted to serving me.
Aw, looks like he found his happy place.
Facing Goraia will not be easy. Prepare yourselves well.
Could you join our fight, sir?
I'd likely fall under the Fallen One's influence again.
Then take good care of all the wormified humans while we're gone, please.
Sure. It's interesting how quite a few of them seem to enjoy their slimy bodies.
There always are some who'll enjoy total submission and humiliation like that.
Heheh... they can stay here as my slimy little pets, then.
Hey, nice o' ya to come to Falgar willingly. Human, tell the Master to make you into a cock ring for me.
Y-yes, sir.
Hope I'll wear ya soon and make you feel my cock throb under ya.
You'd look great on him, Reyn.
Mmh... having a living cock ring sounds like fun.
Demon General
How strange... this power you hold. Is this the essence of dragons? What do you plan on doing with it?
We've come to stop Falgar.
While I disagree with his methods, I cannot allow you to proceed. Draw your weapons, mortals!
I... was bested by mere mortals? How is this possible? It must be the blessing of the dragons.
I may have failed, but the other Generals are much stronger than I. They will crush you and bring you to Falgar for your punishment.
Soon you'll writhe in the dirt as little slimy things and I'll piss all over you. Hahah...
Well, if all you want is a piss target, Reyn's available.
True. Maybe we can circle back to that when we're done with Falgar.
Hrrrgh... you'll all come to regret this. But having a little human piss target sounds entertaining.
Wormified humans are very cute and obedient. I like 'em so much better that way. They're great pets.
Those two belong to you?
Yeah. They suck my toes'n feet clean whenever I want and I feed them in turn.
Heheh. Sounds fair.
Heheh... every piercing on my body is a transformed human. Falgar's still makin' more for me.
I love feelin' em squirm. My musky body is their prison now. They look good on me, yeah?
They do, sir.
You should join my collection. Got a nice'n warm spot on my balls for ya.
Hey. If you're gonna be a piercing on someone's balls, it's gonna be mine, soulbound.
Ask Falgar, then. Bet he'd love to transform that little fucker for ya.
Havin' our own city is kinda nice. I don't fit into most houses, but the smaller demons are havin' a blast.
Really, this place is so much better than our old crusty monastery. Just gotta be careful not to step on any worm humans, haha!
Now get your ass over to Falgar, human. Hope he's gonna make you into somethin' really slimy and nasty.
Eyyy! How about you spend your money before you get yourself transformed by Falgar!
You ain't gonna need it once you wriggle around on the ground as a slimy worm, right?
Hm... you're not wrong.
Living Dung Pile
Nnngh... hrk...
Can you, uh, smell yourself?
Blb... hyessh... ugh.
Enslaved Fighter
*Slrp* You wanna fight in the arena, bro? Gonna kick *blbb* your ass!
Were you transformed to fight here?
Lord Falgar enjoys *shhlp* makin' humans into weird monsters and have 'em fight.
Fight me or suck my cock. I'm always *shlp* so fuckin' horny.
Damn, that's amazin'. Can I bet on fighters?
That's reserved *shlurp* for demons only.
...
EnslavedNPC2
Uh... can you talk with a head like that?
*Shlp*
Hm... he's just dribbling slime all over the place.
Heh... you guys should get yourself transformed into fighters for our arena. Then you'd at least provide some entertainment for us.
FatDemon4
General Rugg
Hey. You can't just go through here like that. Not without.... proving yourself.
General2
Oh... sorry, sir.
general2
Pity. Well, come back soon, little guy.
I'd love to be your plaything, sir!
Nice. Then come right here, human.
Mmh... I can smell your submissive nature all over you. I could melt you into a puddle of my cum and you'd go ''thank you'' as you become my slimy seed.
If I could freely use my powers like Master Falgar can, I'd make you mine forever and make you serve me, make you a plaything for my pleasure.
A living butt plug. A hole to dump my cum into.
Thinkin' of shoving you up my ass makes me so horny, Reyn.
Haha, you've got a great owner, pet. Be a good bitch for him. For all of your friends.
Now let's see what you taste like, tiny thing.
Mmmh... tasty little human.
I could swallow you in one go if I wanted. Digest you, make you a part of my body.
Rrrgh... suck my saliva off of my tongue and swallow it.
Oh, you like that demon spit? Maybe I should start feedin' you my loogies as breakfast.
Fightin' you made me work up a sweat. It's only fair I use you as a sweat rag, right?
Yeah... suck up my stink, rag.
Wow, you're drippin' with demon sweat, Reyn!
Four armpits... double the sweat. Soak it all up, slave!
Fuck, you stink like me now. Perfect! Now you're gonna do some work for me, bitch.
Yeah... work my cock. Worship it!
Rrrgh... you're doin' good. Nice tongue game!
Man, I'd love to keep ya down there forever. Attached to my cock, massagin' my cock and kissin' my dickhole all day.
Fuckin' hell, this is amazin'. Good little cocksucker!
Nghh...! Fuck! Eat my cum, bitch!
Oooh... now those are some thick cum ropes!
Nothin' like a big load right in your face.
This exactly how our little Reyn should be used. Let his cum envelop your senses! Taste it, smell it and feel it, slave!
Heheh... that's it, lick that shit off of my toes.
Now keep that mouth of yours open, little guy. We all got somethin' nice for ya!
Somethin' to help ya get all that cum down.
Even demons have to take piss breaks! And it's much more... potent than human urine.
Hey, not gonna turn down an opportunity to piss on you. Be a good piss target for us, boy!
Look up at us while we urinate on you, Reyn. And make sure to get a good, thorough taste of it.
Needed to take a piss for a while. All the beer... your know how it is. Open wide, Reyn!
Now let's see who of us has the stinkiest, nastiest piss today. Fuck, I hope it's me.
Haha, my piss is fuckin' steamin'! Swallow, little bitch.
Hrrsss... such a good urinal.
Damn, my piss is nasty today. You're takin' it pretty well, though. Keep it up!
Right now, all you are is a toilet. A thing for us to piss on. Nothing more.
Man, having your face to aim at makes pissin' so much more fun.
Haha, damn! You're a great fuckin' urinal. You'll always lie down for us and open wide when we gotta piss from now on.
You must be glad to be owned by such great masters, little human. They really care about you.
When I get my full powers back, I'll install you as my toilet in my castle for a few weeks.
I'll invite the biggest and nastiest demons I know to a party, and you'll serve them as their toilet.
Hrrsss... you'll overflow with their waste!
Well, damn! You really are in good hands, haha!
Stop by again soon, little slave. Loved makin' you my bitch!
Hey, little mortals. I could use some... attention.
I'll be your plaything.
Okay, little assholes! Now you're gonna face ME!
Y-you? Really?
Yeah. Scared, little guy? When I'm done with all of ya, I'm gonna drag you to Falgar and have him turn you into my personal pets.
Always wanted to have my own little pet slugs. Real fat'n exotic ones. Let's rumble, idiots!
You look pretty strong, sir.
Sure am! Once you've been turned into my pet slugs, I'll make ya crawl over my biceps. You'll worship me like I'm a god and absorb my body's sweat.
You're just making Reyn horny if you say stuff like that.
Heh... *blush*
Focus, Reyn. We can make you our bitch later. First, we gotta beat this big hunk of a demon.
Understood.
Guess we should up the game a little, eh? Let's make your enemies a bit tougher and slimier.
I'm sure we can take 'em!
We'll see. Try not to slip on their slime trails.
Those guys really look quite slimy.
Falgar sure has a thing for worms and slugs.
They're humiliating forms, I guess.
Doesn't seem so bad to me.
That's just because you like getting humiliated in all sorts of ways.
Yeah, I can't deny that.
Alright, idiots! Time for a warm-up. Go right in and don't die on me just yet.
Alright. Let's do this!
It's just some of these shambling fellows...
They got nice cocks, though.
You'd love to suck them off, I bet.
W-well... yeah.
They're itching for a fight, though. Priorities, Reyn!
Alright. Let's get this over with.
What do we have here? A bunch of tiny mortals. Not yet transformed by Lord Falgar.
You guys lookin' to get crushed in our arena?
Actually, we'd like to meet with Falgar, sir.
Oh, you will. Just not quite yet. I want to have some fun with you losers first.
You can go see the Lord if you win three arena fights. How about it?
We're pretty strong. I'd suggest we go and kick some ass.
Agreed. Let's do it.
Heheh, fuck yeah! Let me know when you're ready for your first battle.
Well, that wasn't so bad.
We've gotten pretty strong!
True. Now how about you lick my armpits clean, Reyn? They've gotten quite sweaty.
Not bad, I guess. But you're far from done. Get some rest for the next battle, tiny mortals!
Well, we sure kicked some slimy ass. Ugh, I got their slime all over me.
Ready for clean-up duty if you like.
Haha, good. Clean us up, tongue-bitch. Get lickin'!
Any time!
I see you've made it past our slimy boys. Pretty good show. But the next one's gonna be really fun! Let me know when you're ready.
Oof... sure could use a break after this.
I'll massage you all for fighting so well.
Sounds good. I want a foot'n cock massage.
You got it!
Ugh... hey, can I have a massage, too?
Sure, big guy!
Thanks, you guys were fuckin' great! You can do as you please as far as I'm concerned.
Hey, maybe you'll even end up as monstrous fighters in my arena. I'll be real good to you, promise.
Thanks, sir. See you around!
I love watching our human slaves fight in the arena. Tomorrow it's slug men versus the worm warriors!
Do you think these humans learned anything? They've become what they thought non-humans and demons are compared to them, but do they realize it?
FatDemon5
I'd be good if they understood, but it's still quite a harsh punishment.
I guess. Well, you're gonna join their ranks soon, little human. Be a good worm for us, haha!
I find the worm punishment quite entertaining, but it ought to be directed at souls who really are deserving it.
All these posh places are ours now! They were originally built buy orc workers because they were much cheaper. None of 'em ever got to live in these places, though.
Watcher2
We're gonna appreciate the craftsmanship of the orcs much more. We should invite the ocs to come live here, in fact!
Hey, not a bad idea. I should tell my orc friends.
Yeah! They can live at my place. Got many empty rooms with super nice beds!
What a great place! I love wakin' up to the gentle squeaking of worm humans. Then I go'n have 'em drink my morning piss, haha!
FatDemon6
Wow... lucky little fellas.
Come be one of my piss worms, little guy!
Hrsss... that would be the perfect job for you, slave.
You came here all by yourself? Usually, we just take you humans to Falgar to have you punished.
FatDemon7
We, uh, like walking ourselves.
Yeah? Whatever. Go in by yourselves if you dare! Not gonna promise you'll survive, though. Even if you make it, you'll just be turned into tiny slimy things.
We'll take our chances, sir.
Don't worry, Reyn. If you and Benno end up as worms, we'll take good care of ya.
Aw... thanks, Mattis!
Looks like we can climb those vines.
Yes, Reyn. Show us how much monkey is left in your genes!
Hello, sir. What a lovely jungle!
Lizard
Hrrsss... rrrrh.
Not all lizards can speak, Reyn. He seems friendly, though.
Wish I'd speak lizard.
Rrsss.
Well, thank you, sir!
Rrsss... Hrwelrrcome. Rrrbeee goood. Sss...
BigLiz2
Everyone loves an obedient little human who does what he's told.
Rrryess.
Rrrshop rrlizard live rwessst of forrrest hrrrentrance if neeed. Rrrss.
Heh... how did you even find this place?
We're on a mission for the black dragon.
Ah, so it's about the green one. He's living fairly close by. Just a bit further to the east.
Thanks, big guy.
Hey, Mattis... why aren't you as big'n buff as this fella?
How you're being birthed into this world is a bit like a lottery. Guess I wasn't as lucky.
Haha, true.
Rrrrrrss... snnrr.
BigLiz3
We won't cause any trouble, sir. we promise.
Rrrh.
Green Dragon
My, my. Little mortals come to me with the Soul Stone in tow. I shall put you to the test, Dragonsworn!
How can we prove ourselves, sir?
Why, by besting me in battle, of course! Come at me!
Ah, that was fun! You even made me break a sweat, friends.
It's never a good sign when mortals are in need of our essence. There must be a crisis endangering the world.
There is. A rogue demon laid waste to Stahlheim and uses his boundless power to wreak havoc on mankind.
An unbound demon? That is a great threat indeed. It can affect the balance of the world's powers, leading to chaos and death.
You gonna help us out, right?
Of course. Let me know when you're ready to receive my blessing, friends.
Alright. My soulbound Reyn will help you with it.
Mmmh... I look forward to it.
Ah, my dragonsworn... serve my kind well!
We will, Master Boar.
Little human, will you assist me with blessing the soul stone?
I'm ready, sir!
We'll be back in a bit.
Be back soon. time is of the essence.
We're ready to receive your essence, sir!
Then come, little human. Serve me.
You are so beautiful, sir.
I'm glad to hear that. You may call me ''Boar''.
Master Boar... let me serve you.
Yes, as a Dragonsworn, it is your duty to serve my kind. And you will.
Get under my cock and make me cum.
Yes, master.
Lookin' good, Reyn. Use your whole body to massage his shaft and tongue-kiss his dickhole.
Your cock's musk is amazing, master.
Cover yourself in my musk and my pre, little human. Taste it!
Mmmhh...
Rrrrgghhh! Drown in my essence!
Mmpfh...
Nice. Looks like the stone's received its blessing. But it mostly spilled all over you, Reyn.
Swallow that dragon jizz, boy. Eat it until you can't anymore.
Yes... clean up my cock, human. Enjoy my essence. Become one with it.
You've really earned this, after all.
Heheh. You got seriously smothered, Reyn.
I love how I've made you smell like me, human.
You should visit my brother, the Red Dragon, next. You'll find him in the mountains to the west.
You've received three dragon blessings, friends. You should go and talk to Black.
It felt amazing to serve you, sir.
Then come do so again soon, plaything.
Gorpa
Rrgh... this place is way too hot and humid. I love those lizards, but I better pack up and leave soon.
Where will you go, sir?
No idea. Somewhere up north sounds nice.
Come to my place.
Want to come'n live at my place? Fresh mountain air, free lodgings. You just need to help a bit with cookin' and upkeep.
You can also make use of Reyn here. He loves suckin' dick and lickin' assholes, pits and feet.
That sounds nice. I love face-fuckin' humans. Where's your home?
Here's how you can get there...
More friends for our home!
Yeah. Keep him happy and drain his balls whenever he wants.
Um, hey... do you guys know about this place?
The graveyard of dragons. It's here where they go to die and become one with the earth again.
Even dragons don't live forever, huh?
They can get a couple o' thousand years old. And nobody knows how they're born.
There must be a good reason why that's such a well-kept secret.
Do we really have to go through here? It feels wrong.
There's no other way. I'd rather not disturb dragon remains, but what choice do we have?
We'll have to be careful. Many folks have disappeared here. It's not a place meant for mortals to wander.
Well, good thing you've got me, then. I am immortal and I go where I please.
Spirit
Mortals... as the world is now, you'll not make it into the next millenium. Ready yourselves for the end.
We'll keep fighting for this world.
Hah. You'll all join these dead dragons and dissolve into earth and sand.
Ugh, you're depressing. How about I give you a job at my castle? A footrest in front of my throne.
What is this stuff? Ugh... feels like it wants to drag me along.
That is a strand of the soul stream. You'll probably end up in it when you die and be born again.
Unless you let your soul get corrupted, then you'll end up in the hands of a demon like me.
What'll happen to me when I die, sir Slith?
Heh. You'll end up in my personal care, little plaything. Your Master has granted me dominion over your soul, after all.
I'll take real good care of you until then, Reyn.
That soulstream stuff's not dangerous or anythin', right?
I don't think so, but I'd still rather not get too close to it.
Guys... I can't see anything.
Uh... Rok? Benno?
Farmer
He's really joining the military. Sounds like we'll need to get a new farmhand.
I'll ask father Thomas at the orphanage. Hope they have some older ones at the moment. They're useless if they're too young.
Farmer2
Make sure to pick one that doesn't cry much.
You ungrateful little shit.
Told you he'd turn out like that.
Hmph. What a filthy hovel.
Why are we here? A run-down farm inhabited by spirits.
This looks a lot like the farm I lived at, before I joined the military to... get out of here.
I see. And those two things downstairs? Are they your parents?
No. They adopted me from the orphanage. They often got themselves boys like me for cheap labor.
Some ran away. Some joined the military. Just like I did.
Hm. It sounds like you did not have a good time here.
None of the adopted boys were treated well. We'd often go without food or get the stick if we didn't meet any of the arbitrary rules or quotas.
Well, then let's get out of here. There's no need to linger in this hurtful memory of yours.
Thank you, Master Slith.
Heh. You'll have all the time in the world to thank me in your afterlife.
Oh, you think you can just leave us like that? After everything we've done for you?
You ungrateful little shit. It's gonna be the stick for you!
Well, I think we need to teach these two a lesson, Reyn.
You can leave all of this behind you, Reyn. You've got me. You've got Rok. You'll focus on us, not... this.
Part of me always felt guilty to leave, but... not anymore.
From now on, you only shall feel guilty if you haven't sucked my cock for too long.
Heheh... understood, Master Slith. The taste and smell of your cock always makes me feel better in an instant.
As it should be. We all are your home now.
Master Slith? Something's wrong...
Hm? What is it?
I feel exhausted. My legs won't move anymore. Can we take a break, sir?
Very well. Come.
Try to relax, boy. Take a few deep breaths down there.
Well? Does this give you comfort?
Yes, master. Your musk is magnificent.
Mortal beings like you get fatigued so easily. But once they shed their physical form, they need much less care.
We'll need to find the others soon. I hope we can find them in this strange place.
It's like an amalgamation of memories and feelings. I wonder if our close proximity to the soul stream caused this.
Now, this place better not tap into my past. Thousands of years of memories... we'd be lost in them forever.
Hm... Reyn?
Hmph. Did you fall asleep down there?
Hey! Wake up, slave!
Reyn...?
Do you know where the fuck we are?
Nope. This sure is no desert anymore.
Rrgh. I don't like this. Let's see if we can find the others.
Right behind ya, big guy.
Rok... this looks like--
Rrrgh... I know.
No way this is real. Let's just keep going.
No. This isn't real.
I barely remember.
Why... why this memory?
Soldier
Looks like we missed another one of those green beasts.
You guys follow that small one that escaped. I'll take care of this ugly fucker here!
Orcs... nothing but demon spawns. We'll erase you from this world!
This is a place you know, right? Was this your home?
Yeah. I was one of the few survivors when my hometown got burned to the ground by Stahlheim's army.
So this really is a memory of yours. I, uh... um... want a hug, big guy?
Yeah.
Wish I was bigger so you could, like, hug my pecs or somethin'.
You're fine as you are, Mattis. This feels good.
Hey, you don't hate humans after all they did?
I met so many humans I liked -- and loved. People like Reyn and Benno.
In my younger days, my anger led me to kill many a human soldier. But it never made me feel better. The anger faded and left me feel empty.
I filled the emptiness with many lovers. Human ones, demons, monsters. I've met so many men who enjoy my dominant side.
Hey, feel free to show ME your dominance, if you want.
Heheh... you wanna be this orc's bitch? Well, you don't have to ask twice, turtle boy.
But for now, we should find the others.
Yeah. Let's get a move on... boss.
Ooh, look! A treasure chest!
Hm. Yeah.
Damn. Empty. Just my luck.
Have you ever discovered a big treasure on your travels?
Not exactly. But hey, maybe one day. Gotta keep lookin', right?
Ugh... should I even check that chest?
I mean... it doesn't attack and something's shining inside. Go take a look.
Well?
300 gold pieces.
Mmh. A bit disappointing. But hey, we can buy some health potions with that, I guess.
Hmph. This all feels like a personal attack.
Tell me... why did you become a treasure hunter in the first place?
I come from a pretty poor commune. Thought I'd go out into the world to find something that could lift us up a bit.
No luck so far. But I'm not gonna let whatever all of THIS is discourage me.
Good on you. And hey, we can help you look for treasures, if you like. There's this place back at the fort we can check out.
That'd be awesome. You rock, Rok!
Fuck, don't make me blush, turtle boy.
A big mirror.
Pretty strange. But damn, we're lookin' good!
Rrgh. We're never gonna find the others at this rate.
I think I can hear voices comin' from that mirror.
Yeah. Let's see...
H-hey! Wait up!
Can you feel it? The way this place probes our minds?
I don't feel anythin'.
I guess I'm more attuned to things like these. Let us get a measure of our surroundings.
Yeah. Lead the way.
It seems our surroundings have been constructed by our memories.
My brethren, turned to stone due to a strange affliction. It... it is something I intend to cure via magic. Now, as for the sunken houses...
Yeah. That part's from me. The village I'm from fuckin' sunk into the ground. Quite a few people died. Dunno what happened.
I believe we should face these things head-on once we're out of here. Then it cannot be used against us like this.
Will you be alright? Er, emotionally, I mean?
Seems like it's just a construct from our thoughts. I'll be fine. What about you?
It hits quite hard, but I'm thinking the same. We mustn't let it get to us.
You got it, Karas. Let's keep goin'.
I don't appreciate my memories being used like this. Someone or something is trying very hard to get to us.
Yeah. I'm worried about the others.
Let's see if we can find them.
Mirrors...
This fuckin' place. Feels like it's tryin' to eat my thoughts.
You might be on to something. But listen -- I hear footsteps.
Hey, fellas. What a shitty place, huh?
We're still trapped, it looks like.
Rrgh... where are Reyn and Slith?
We haven't seem them here. But listen...
I hear someone...
Slith! Good to see ya.
Hrrss... holy shit, we're finally out of there.
What's up with Reyn?
He fell unconscious, so I decided to carry him.
Mmh... he's got a normal pulse. He feels a bit cold, though.
I believe he can't take being away from you for an extended time due to your soul bond.
Damn... poor little guy. How can I help him?
Just being close to you should do the trick.
Wakey wakey, little soulbound.
Hah, a wake-up kiss? How adorable.
Mmnh... come back to me, little fucker.
Mmh, boss...
Heh. Finally.
Waking up with your tongue inside my mouth is really great.
Yeah, you better appreciate this, soulbound.
I do, boss. And thanks for taking care of me, Master Slith.
Oh, I'll have you thank me thoroughly. By worshipping my tailhole in your soul form.
I'll worship your hole as best as I can, Master.
There appears to be a threatening aura coming from further in.
Now that we're together again, nothing can stop us!
Yeah. Let's get the fuck outta here.
Whoa! What is this? Feels like...
...like memories. That thing must've stolen so many from wanderers.
Damn, I think this place is disappearing!
Look... it's all gone. No more mirrors.
A monster, hiding in the soul stream and eating memories. No wonder so many people went missing here.
That thing seemed to be afraid of my memories. Maybe it didn't like demon thoughts.
I kinda doubt it would've found my memories tasty, too.
Hey. Yours are as valuable as any other memories. Even if they're just about you failing at treasure hunting.
Heh. Thanks. Well, shall we keep going, friends?
Yeah, let's hurry the fuck outta here.
Bug Man
There's an evil presence near the desert's eastern cliff. Think you can get rid of it?
We can try, sir.
Nice. You're a sub, right? I'll let you be my plaything if you manage that.
That's some good motivation!
We better get to it, then.
Damn, you guys defeated that thing. Impressive!
We're pretty capable, sir.
Guess I'll have to make good on my promise. You'll be my plaything.
You should come and live at our place, sir. That way, you can always make use of me whenever you want.
Haha, nice! A place to stay AND my own personal plaything? That's perfect. You can call me ''Rocko''.
I'll be all yours, Master Rocko! Here's how to get to our place...
A new master for me!
You're lucky, Reyn. The more masters own you, the better!
The orcs took me in after I got lost in the mountains. I love those big, green fellas and their big dicks.
Hey, you lot must be pretty tough to get up here.
We're getting stronger every day.
Good. But I bet I could still wipe the floor with you, little human.
Reyn is better at pleasuring men than fighting.
Could always use a little human with nice'n tight holes to fuck.
Heheh. Reyn's holes feel damn good.
We don't usually sell our stuff, but we've got more than enough equipment right now. Let me know if you need anything.
Orc2
This fire keeps our big orc butts nice'n warm.
Orc3
Your butt deserves being kept comfy for sure, sir.
Reyn, why don't you show this nice orc how much you appreciate orc butts?
Heheh... sounds good. You really should take good care of my asshole, boy. In fact, you should show all my orc buddies' butts some love.
Er, well...
Let's service some orc asses!
I'll do it later.
Don't keep their butts waiting for too long, slave.
The longer you wait, the muskier my asshole gets, boy.
I'd be happy to service some orc butts, Master Slith!
Of course you would.
Fuck yeah! Kiss some sweaty orc ass, Reyn.
Damn, boy. Your face is a perfect fit. Now tongue-kiss my stinkin' hole.
Mmh...
Aw, look... I think he likes musky orc ass.
Then we gotta make sure he gets a big dose of it.
Yeah. Get in as deep as you can, ass-kisser.
That's my soulbound in his element.
How nice to see him service men twice his weight.
That's it, boy... breathe in deep and massage his sweaty hole with your tongue.
You're comfy. And sturdier than I expected, takin' my full weight like that. Don't worry, though. I'll ease up if you beg.
Your tongue's pretty flexible, boy. Keep it up.
Heh, your dick's hard. You really love our assholes that much, huh? Good.
I like that little fella. Almost wanna keep him and make him our bitch forever.
Look how much my fuckin' cock is leakin'. Let's get you properly marked.
Nothin' like fresh dick slime all over your face, right?
Haha, slime him up good for my ass!
Kiss it and lick it hard, boy!
Get in deep, let me feel your tongue wigglin'.
You sure know how to serve a man's ass. Thanks, little buddy.
Ass stink mixed with pre... looks like you love it.
I bet he's gonna smell like our assholes for days.
No washin' off our musk, boy. Keep it on ya for as long as possible.
Yeah. Let's see how long you'll smell like orc ass, haha!
Mmh... that must've been an intense sample of masculinity.
Orc musk is known to last quite a bit. Suits him well.
We should cover him in our musk on the reg, too. That way, he'll never forget he's ours.
I like the idea. Let's do that.
Well done, Reyn. You smell like orc ass all over. How perfect!
: DEF +2
: SPD +2
Hey, you lot.
Orc4
What are you doing up here? Don't mind visitors, but these mountain ranges are dangerous.
We want to find the red dragon. His lair is atop this mountain, as far as we know.
Yeah, Red lives up there. He visits us sometimes. You'll have to make it past the glacier further up.
Sounds like we're gonna freeze our asses off.
Not likin' the cold either. We'll just have to power through.
We can always use fire spells to warm us up a little.
Sounds like you guys will be fine. Just watch your step out there. Wouldn't want to see you get hurt.
Take care out there. These mountains ain't kind to the unprepared. Rest and stock up if needed.
Thank you for the advice, sir.
I'll protect ya out there, Reyn. You can suck my cock as thanks.
Appreciate it, boss.
Snow Beast
*Whimper*
Aw... sorry, big guy, but you'll be fine. Just don't attack us next time!
Rrrgh...
Red Dragon
Little mortals... I see you carry the Soul Stone. You wish to receive my essence, yes?
Yes, sir. We're here on Master Black's--
Save your breath, human! Draw your weapons and show me your strength.
Prove your worth. Give it your all!
Hah... well done, little ones. You're true Dragonsworn!
You've made me proud, friends. Now, I'm well aware of the situation in Stahlheim. I've been watching from afar.
I cannot hope to best a foe with the Fallen One's power. But I can give you my strength. My essence.
With my two brothers' and my strength, you can resist Falgar's powers once you face him.
We'd love to receive your essence, sir.
I smell devotion and submission on you, little human. You'll submit yourself to me completely, yes?
Of course, sir Red.
Haha, he saw right through you immediately, Reyn! Serve the big fella well.
Let me know when you're ready to receive my blessing, friends.
You are all very brave. Go forth an fight in the name of dragons!
We will, Master Red.
Little human, are you ready to receive my essence? You'll have to... work for it a bit, though.
Very well. Don't take too long, though. My balls are very full.
Then present yourself to me, human. Let me see your body.
What a handsome man you are. And so willing to serve a beast like me.
I'll do everything you want, sir.
Yes, I can smell your desire to serve.
Heh, be a good bitch for him, Reyn!
Open your mouth, my little.. ''bitch''.
Mmh... you taste good. Let my saliva run down your throat.
My tongue fits nicely down your throat. Suck on it, boy.
Now, while we're on the topic of sucking... get under my cock and suck it.
You sure know how to serve a cock like mine. You must be quite experienced.
Man, I wish my cock was as musky as Red's. Ah well. Suck it hard, Reyn. Your tongue needs a dickhole workout!
Rrrrghh... such a good slave.
Now receive my blessing! Taste it, drink it in!
Hah, dragon cum is so fuckin' thick. Swallow it, Reyn.
Looks like the Soul Stone received its blessing, but most of it is stickin' to ya. Eh, I'm sure it's fine.
Haha, guess you got another dragon cock to clean up. Dinner time, bitch!
You've done a magnificent job, little guy. Enjoy your meal.
You're covered in dragon spunk, Reyn. Suits you.
Never forget how my cum tastes, little one.
You should visit my brother, the Green Dragon, next. You'll find him in the desert.
Thank you, sir Red. May I... stop by again to serve you?
But of course. I look forward to it... ''bitch''.
Gargoyle
Mmh... you're a soulbound. I can smell it.
I am, sir.
Fuck, I'd love to own a human. A little servant who does what I want, who kisses my feet and licks my balls.
He'd be one lucky slave.
Yeah. Maybe I'll find myself a slave some day.
Hrss...
You may use Reyn as your slave.
Reyn will be your slave. Come to our fort and you can use him whenever you wish.
Heheh, perfect! You're gonna be a good slave, right?
Gruk
You can call me ''Master Gruk''. Now where's that place of yours?
Ah, yes. Here's the way...
I love how the number of my masters grows.
You're a lucky little slave. Serve us well.
Hey, little human. You're welcome here if you behave.
I'll be on my best behavior, sir.
Haha, good.
How have you been holding up, Torkok?
Special Magic for Karas
Hey, glad you're stoppin' by. It's been rough, but we're managin'.
Pretty good. Still can't believe you saved our buddies, haha!
I heard strange rumors about Stahlheim. Is it really completely destroyed?
Troll2
It's true. We've been there.
Fuck...
You've saved them all, friends. Thank you.
Troll3
We have to make sure something like this never happens again.
We've lost so many to this strange disease. Turned to stone in a matter of hours.
I'm so sorry...
Not your fault, little human.
I'll figure out a way to undo this. I'll not stop until I do.
It all just feels so hopeless, Karas.
There's always hope.
We don't often get visitors out here. Hope you like our little commune.
Troll4
Sure do. And you guys all look so awesome and strong.
Haha, you like how we look? That's adorable.
He just likes big, rough guys in general. And he sucks dick really well.
Damn, can I borrow him some time?
Sure thing. He'll do whatever you want.
Troll Chief
Our kin are recovering well. All thanks to you, friends.
Troll5
We can all finally heal. Especially our hearts.
Welcome. I'm glad you're all alright considering what's going on in Stahlheim.
It's looking pretty bad.
A powerful demon taking revenge... they likely didn't see that coming.
How are things here?
Not too bad, all things considered. There haven't been any new petrification victims for a while, at least.
I know you're working hard to find a cure, but be careful out there. I'm glad you have friends with you.
Yes. They're great companions.
Trolls are like goblins, just bigger, meatier and sweatier.
Hm... yeah, true.
Hm... yes, my pits are perpetually wet and have an intense musk.
I'll clean them up for you whenever you want, sir Karas.
Yes, you should. In the morning and in the evening.
Aynway! I got stuff for sale if you need anythin'.
It looks like they've been turned to stone.
Indeed. I must save them.
Blazing Restoration
And I believe I finally have the means to do so. I must attempt to use the spell from the elemental well.
Karas... let's try your spell.
Yes. My friends have suffered long enough.
Light can shine from our darkness -- from my very own darkness.
My kin... speak to me. Tell me you're fine.
*Cough*... I am fine, friend. My mouth is a bit dry, though.
Troll6
Did something happen, Karas?
You've been turned to stone for three years. We were worried you may have... gone from us forever.
Stone? My life partner... a statue? I was like this, too?
Yes. But I've found magic to undo the curse.
You can wield light magic? You forced this on yourself for us?
Friend, what you've done for us is unbelievable. Thank you.
The last thing I remember is having a drink with my partner and my friends. The kegs looked different than usual, but we didn't think much of it.
And then... darkness. But nevermind that for now. Would you heal my partner and my friends, please?
Of course.
We should let them all rest for now.
Now, it seems like a part of a food shipment had been tampered with, causing the curse. Some clues point towards Stahlheim, but that city lies in ruins now.
I'm afraid we may never bring the culprits to justice.
I'm just glad our kin are fine.
Karas, you've done things I thought were impossible for us -- to wield light, to undo the spell.
We're not just creatures of darkness. We can be so much more.
Being born from darkness does not mean anything. We can decide who we are, even if it may hurt.
There is no shame in a heritage from the blackest corners of the depths. Some may always hold it against you, but they're wrong.
That said, I'm never gonna get anywhere near light magic. Gross stuff.
Thank you for supporting Karas, friends. You've saved so many of us.
Hey, us big fellas gotta stick together, right?
Then that's what we'll do. You'll always be welcome here.
Angel
Our God will allow even lowly creatures like you to enter Angel Gate. May you find Him and His Love.
Love...
Yes. He will even love YOU, filthy little human.
Wow. That's so fuckin' nice of your god fella.
Fear not, orc. You are welcome, too, despite your ghastly demonic origins.
Hrmph. Angels don't exist.
Yet I stand before you, demon. Even for a creature of hell like you, there is hope.
Disciple
Have you come to serve the angels of god?
We're just passing through.
Nobody just ''passes through'' Angel's Gate. So sayeth the winged ones within these holy halls.
Winged fellas, eh? Wonder if their holes are nice'n tight. Heheh.
There's no such thing as angels.
The angels say Stahlheim's fall is a divine punishment.
Man5
It really isn't.
Oh, what does a naive boy like you know about the world?
The shape of the angel body believers receive depends on how well they've served God.
Man6
What about those floating head guys?
They're lower angels, but still far superior to us simple humans.
Slug with Wings
Shblb! Shlmn.
Uh, I don't speak slug. Sorry, little slimy guy.
Shlblm.
''No trespassing!''
Hah. That's almost like an invitation.
We absolutely WILL trespass.
Halt, strangers!
Holy fuck, you're big.
What is your business here?
Oh, get out of our way, whatever you are. We need to go through here.
I am the Angel Friedolin, a servant of God. Our gates will remain closed, but you may spend time here and learn about God.
Rrgh... I don't like you. You smell weird.
It does not matter what you think, demon. Only the word of the Lord does.
Well, guess we're gonna go'n learn about your god a bit. Right, Karas?
Oh, uh... yes! We're all very excited to learn about God!
Very well. You may go inside. But do not disrespect the Lord.
We'll be good little god-fearing believers, don't ya worry!
(I saw you staring at his cock, Reyn. You horny little fucker.)
If we serve god well, we will ascend to angelhood!
Man2
But I'm not sure if being constantly naked will help, Rod.
Man3
Hey, but our angel masters are naked, too!
Man4
Yeah, but they look more... aesthetically pleasing than you.
Who doesn't wanna be big, buff and naked, right?
Ugh. You all should worship demons instead.
I hope you're not scoffers and non-believers.
I'm more the agnostic type, I guess.
Would you say that while standing in front of an angel, too? While his oversized cock sways back and forth in front of you?
W-well... I guess I'd be too distracted in that case.
Can't wait to grow big'n buff and sprout wings!
Will you be a vengeful angel or a kind one?
Eh, he'll probably just play with his cock all day.
Beyond the gate lies the sin-ladden domain of demons and dragons. You may not pass!
Angel2
But... that's exactly why we have to go through here.
The gate will remain shut for you filthy sinners.
Is it a sin to kick you in the shins?
Very much so, orc.
Fake angels, AND they are blocking our path.
God hath declared that you may pass. For some unknown reason.
Don't question your god, big guy!
Yeah, yeah. Just go through and never come back.
Some candidates can't seem to take the ascension to angelhood. They just melt away.
Man7
No way that's gonna happen to a true believer like me, right?
Uh... I wouldn't be so sure.
W-what? Am I doing something wrong? What is it? TELL ME!
Uh... you, er, gotta pray much harder.
Yeah. Pray until your face goes red. On your knees. Beg your god for forgiveness.
Understood! Thank you for such valuable feedback.
Haha, holy fuck.
One of those big angel guys. He doesn't look friendly.
Let's sneak around him.
???
Oh my... what do we have here? Snuck past my angel guards, yes?
Rrgh... you are a Soul Eater. Posing as some sort of god, it seems.
Clever, but this is it for you.
Did you make these... angels?
Soul Eater
I do give some of the disciples angel-like bodies, for motivating the others. But sometimes, the ascension... ''fails''. Heheh.
And then you eat their soul.
Hey, I had a good run up until now. Guess you lot will have to disappear. Into my belly!
Get ready, everyone!
Ugh... fuck... I yield! Please don't kill me!
Begging the mighty demon Slith for mercy, are you?
I'll do whatever you say, Lord Slith.
Then pledge yourself to me. Become my eternal underling.
Ahh... yes, Lord Slith! I give myself to you. You are my Master. My Lord!
Alright. You only get to eat souls that offer themselves freely from now on. No more lies. No more weird angel nonsense.
Yes, my lord!
Heh. There's a good boy. You can help me with punishing and dominating souls, servant.
Of course, sir.
I wonder, though... How did you fall from demonhood and become a Soul Eater?
There where whispers in the cracks of the earth. I followed them, and a powerful being deep below gave me this power, but it came with a hunger for souls.
Hmph. Well, I am your Master now. You'll only listen to my commands.
Yes, Lord Slith.
Nice! You put him in his place real good.
That's where he belongs. At my feet, at my beck and call.
That goes double for YOU, Reyn.
I'm at your mercy, Lord Slith.
Such a good boy. Well, we better proceed towards the west. The Red Dragon is waiting.
I'll have the angels open the gate for you, my lord.
Ah... my masters. Do you need anything?
You'll be a good servant, right?
Yes, Master Reyn.
Yeah, you're even below Reyn in the hierarchy.
Reyn. My pet is looking a little down. Cheer him up a little. Suck his fat cock.
May I do it later, Master?
Hmph, Fine. You can lick my toes clean instead later.
I'll gladly do this, Lord Slith.
Good slave. Now get to it!
Yeah, suck his cock hard! Servin' cocks is your fuckin' calling.
I haven't had the angels wash me for a while. I hope you don't mind the musk.
It's fine. You smell good.
If the cock you're serving is too big, you tongue-kiss the dickhole and massage the shaft.
Got it, boss.
Yeah... massage my slimy dickhole with your tongue.
Mmh... good little cocksucker.
You'll keep kissin' his dickhole until he cums. No breaks.
Massage him faster and get your tongue deep in there.
Grruuh... fuck yeah.
Eat my cum, little cocksucker!
There we go. Nice work, Reyn!
So nice of you to make my new pet feel better.
Grah... can't stop cummin'!
Heheh... you look exhausted down there, Reyn.
Here, lick my pet's cum off of my feet. This is your dinner for today, so swallow!
Tastes good, right? Enjoy it thoroughly, slave.
It's your reward for working so hard, soulbound.
Heh, my pet's cum sure smells nasty. But it's all you'll get to eat today.
Thanks for suckin' me off, Reyn. Bet you'll be back for more soon, right?
I'll make sure he'll service your cock regularly, pet.
Oooh... thank you, Lord Slith!
Heh... you'll smell like his slimy cum all day.
: MAG +2
Bear Man
They say somethin' horrible happened in Stahlheim. Nothin' left.
Yeah. The city is in ruins.
Means they can't send me away no more, yeah? But... hm...
Deserted Soldier
Heh, deserting never's been this easy! Like, who's gonna come after me? The Stahlheim Worm Brigade?
But you'd make for such a cute little slug, human. Will you give me your soul?
Uh, I... don't think so.
Woman
Can't believe Stahlheim's just... gone. Will this happen to our town next?
This place is still safe, but we don't know for how long. Rest up and stay as long as you like, friends.
You guys look like you could use some stuff! So buy some, yeah?
Man
The mayor was ordered to send away all beastkin living here, but he refused.
And there's nobody left to enforce these measures now.
We're free, but at what cost? And for how long?
Mayor
I'm not sure what to do. That demon... will it come for us, too?
Falgar likely won't stop going after us humans.
That's worrying. I'll need to come up with a plan to keep my citizens safe.
Ah, Mr. Cartwright. Did you ever figure out what happened to your hometown back then?
Er, well... no.
Sorry to hear that.
Sure did. A mining operation lead by the Order sank my village.
And they tried to pin the blame on you? Well, I'm not surprised -- their politics and methods have devolved over the years. What will you do now?
I'm just gonna enjoy life with my friends here. Simple as that.
Very good. It's for the best to leave it all behind you.
Dragon Man
Ah, hello, little man. I am a dragon lord, but none of these humans want to serve me.
FatDrag2
All I need is a little servant who does my bidding. Is that too much to ask?
Well, I'm sure we could teach you how to serve a lord like me well.
Sigh... but it would require so much effort to train a new servant...
fatdrag2
*Say nothing*
Reyn's well trained and will serve you at my place.
Reyn's a great little slave, I'll have him serve you well at my place.
Tharan
My, my... you will serve me, little human? Then address me as ''Sir Tharan'' and pledge yourself to me.
I pledge to serve you and tend to your needs, sir Tharan.
Very good! Now then, how do I get to your abode, orc?
Right, this is how you get there...
Wow! A dragon lord.
Yeah, and you're gonna serve him well.
I'll do whatever the big guy wants.
That's a good servant. You're gonna have your hands full with this one!
Would ya look at that... there really is a portal down here!
Nice. Should take us right back home. We should start lookin' for these two dragons immediately.
I haven't been to the surface for a while. I hate all the bright light.
Um, Master Slith... have you thought of maybe wearing pants?
If I'm wearing anything down there, it'll be you -- after turning you into sentient leather underpants.
Mmh... I bet wearing Reyn would feel really comfortable.
I'm certain he'd love to absorb all the sweat and musk.
You did well, Dragonsworn. You've gathered my brethren's essence. With it, Falgar won't be able to transform all of you into slimy insects instantly, at least.
He'll still be quite strong, no doubt. But I'm sure you can face him now. Do you know where he is at the moment?
Somewhere around Stahlheim, I'd say.
Go and find his exact location, then I'll take you to him.
Let's go and check the area around Stahlheim.
His abode is far above Stahlheim, a floating island. Can you take us there?
Of course. Are you ready right now, warriors?
Hm...
Take us to Falgar's abode.
We still need to prepare some more.
Understandable. But know that I can always fly you back down if things go badly up there.
We're ready to go to Falgar's abode.
Very good. Climb on my back and hold on tight, my brave warriors.
Let me know if you wish to go to Falgar's abode again, my warriors.
You must seek out my brethren and retrieve some of their essence, little ones.
Understood, sir.
Ah, little ones... how goes the search for the Soul Stone?
We managed to retrieve it, sir!
Well done, my brave warriors.
Now we'll imbue the Soul Stone with a fragment of my essence, of my being.
Little soulbound, I want you to make me cum, right onto the stone.
It'll be an honor to do this, sir.
Very good. I am quite... pent up down there.
Show me how well you can serve your master, Dragonsworn!
Your face goes right here, on his dickhole. Lick him in there with your tongue and massage his tip.
I'll be nice help and you a little, Reyn. His dick is fuckin' huge, after all.
Fuck, that dragon cock is musky. Breathe in deep, boy!
His balls feel quite heavy, they must be very full indeed.
Grrh... you're doing great, little soulbound.
Roaarrrgh! Here's my blessing!
Haha, excellent! A big load of dragon cum right in your face!
Lookin' good, Reyn! Love seein' you covered in cum like that.
Wow... that's a pretty big load. Guess we all could cum-blast you like that in your soul form, too.
That felt so good, thank you. The Soul Stone is imbued with my essence now.
Now lick my cock clean, little soulbound. Swallow my seed. It'll make you stronger.
You heard him, Reyn. Get lickin'!
Getting to swallow a dragon's cum is an honor, Reyn. Be grateful you're allowed to do this!
Mmhh... your little tongue sliding across my cock feels so good. Keep it up, little one.
Take the Soul Stone with you and find my two brethren on the surface. Ask them to also imbue their essence in the stone.
With our combined power, I'm certain you can make a stand against Falgar.
Where are those two dragon buddies of yours, Black?
Red loves the mountains. His home is in the western mountain ranges.
Green prefers heat and abundant plant life. His summer home is beyond the desert to the east, in the jungle.
Sounds like we'll be doin' a lot of traveling. But how do we get back to the surface?
Try the forest to the south. There's a portal, and I believe you have the means to make use of it.
We'll give that a go. Thanks, big guy!
Return to me once my two brethren have imbued the stone with their essence.
Got it. Been a pleasure to see your scaly ass again. We'll be in touch.
Good luck out there, friends.
We're still working on it, sir.
Very well. Good luck out there, my brave little warriors.
Ah, Slith. Have you found yourself a few mortals to play with?
They've stumbled into my castle. It seems like a powerful demon sent them down to my domain.
Ah... you there, orc. You're Rok, yes? You look so much older these days.
So that's where you ran off to, you big scaly fucker. Can't say the years have been kind to both of us, eh?
I'm very tired these days. Nothing like relaxing under the red skies and the gentle glow of soul crystals.
Guess even dragons get old. But still, nice to see you again.
I see you've got yourself a soulbound, Rok. What's your name, little human?
I'm Reyn, sir.
What an adorable submissive thing you are. Serve your master well.
Yes, sir!
Black, my demonkin Falgar broke free of the rules we're bound to. He uses his powers to subjugate mankind.
He laid waste to Stahlheim and transformed the citizens into worms or worse. Doubt that's where he'll stop.
Such a thing shouldn't be possible. Unless...
Do you suspect the Fallen One's influence is to blame?
I can sense his darkness out there, stirring. Little ones, I'll enlist you as my warriors. You'll fight in my name.
I've read stories about Dragonsworn Warriors, sir. Is that what we'll be?
Indeed. I feel strong magic within you, friend. You must have worked hard to achieve this.
I've worked all my life to master magic, sir.
You'll be fine Dragonsworn. But you'll need to gather more strength.
Deep below this lake lies an artefact called a Soul Stone. Retrieve it and bring it to me.
Swim to the northwest to find the entrance to the lake's caverns. I've opened it up for you.
Hm... I also can sense an elemental well below. You may want to look for it down in the caverns. Follow the water's light and use its power in my name.
Fuck yeah! Thanks for your help, Black. Maybe we can set Falgar straight after all.
Heheh... you know of the ways you can show your gratitude to me, yes?
Yep. My soulbound's always ready to serve, too.
Mmmh, very good. But for now, you should get to work.
''The shimmering light brings healing and life.''
Ugh... cryptic bullshit. I hate cryptic bullshit.
An elemental well. Seems to tap directly into the Soul Stream.
Ugh, so bright. Can you do anything with that, Karas?
Oh, this makes me tingle all over. I believe I can develop new healing skills with this power.
Reyn, I believe you'll be the most adept for this power.
Take my hand. I'll teach you how to heal us more effectively.
If I use this new ability, I'll be able to serve my masters even better.
Yeah. Be a good boy and learn to use it properly quickly.
That must be the Soul Stone. But that big monster is growling at us...
No choice but to fight.
Phew... would've prefered to cuddle with you, lizard.
You can always try asking the black dragon for cuddles.
A soul stone. Perfect for imprisoning souls inside. Want me to trap you in it, Reyn?
What would that feel like?
Like being a sentient rock.
Let's see what Black's gonna do with that thing.
Damn, wonder what it is like to be a toilet here.
Ssss... maybe you'll find out some day.
There's an empty spot here. Maybe for another living toilet?
Hrrsss... how about YOU fill that spot, slave?
Me? Well...
It'd be an honor, sir.
Maybe some other time, master.
Heh... fine.
It'd be an honor to be your toilet, sir.
Good boy. Then that's what I'll turn you into -- a hole for bodily waste.
Undress and kneel by that wall, slave.
You'll become a part of this old piss-soaked wall.
Your task will be simple -- swallow our piss and bodily waste as good as you can.
Now then... let's begin.
Let's merge you into that wall. That'll keep you upright.
Now let's make your face and mouth a comfortable seat for our asses.
Hrsss... you're starting to take proper shape, little toilet.
Heh, now you're perfect.
You'll have to swallow our piss and shit when we use you. And you'll taste it all.
Our waste will pass through your mouth and your body. Even when you've swallowed it, you'll still feel it. It'll fill you up nicely.
Haha, you're a fuckin' toilet now, Reyn! That's great because I gotta take a huge piss.
Keep that mouth open wide and enjoy my stinkin' piss.
Yeah... keep swallowin', little toilet! Hope you like how it tastes.
I've increased the sensitivity of his senses. He'll be tasting and smelling every every drop of your urine quite intensely.
Amazin'! You're such a great toilet, Reyn.
Well, friends. How about we let our new friend settle in while we go and eat and drink? My treat.
Fuck yeah. I'll recycle some beer for ya, Reyn. See ya later, toilet face!
Hello, new toilet. Do you like demon spit?
Heh. You look pretty stupid down there. But toilets don't need to win beauty prizes.
All you gotta do is swallow, swallow and swallow.
I look forward to usin' you, little shitter.
Gonna give you somethin' much more substantial later. For now, do your duty well. Or I'm gonna have to punish ya.
Hey, toilet. Slith's fillin' up our bellies well. Lots of beer and nice food.
Ahhh... my bladder was so fuckin' full.
Yeah, same. Let's make some space for more beer'n shit.
We eat like kings, and you get to swallow our piss'n shit. Pretty good deal, right?
Haha, why am I even talking to our toilet? You're just there to swallow our piss. Drink it up faster!
Let's put you to the test properly, little toilet.
I've felt the pressure in my gut for a while. It'll be a big one.
Do you think you can handle a troll's big, steaming dump?
Well, no matter. You'll just have to deal with it and swallow it all.
Hm... your face is comfy. You've become a nice toilet seat.
Can you smell my asshole down there, Reyn? Breathe in deep while I use you.
Rrrgh... finally. I'll empty my guts into your greedy mouth completely.
Gotta keep our little toilet well fed!
Well, damn! It really is a big and stinky one. Take your time swallowing it to savour the taste.
I should ask Slith to set you up as a toilet in my hometown. My brethren would love to use a comfortable thing you.
I'll press my foot down on your cock and balls until you've swallowed all my shit.
Haha, that's it! Eat it up, toilet.
Rrsss... you smell like shit. That means you've settled in nicely, I suppose.
Your friends and me have made a special drink for you, toilet.
We've all contributed the slimiest liquids our bodies can produce.
My thick pre-cum, for example.
Rok has emptied the gunk in his nasal cavities into your drink. You wouldn't believe how much snot an orc nose can hold!
Mattis donated the thick and creamy contents of his big balls.
And Benno coughed up a ton of the phlegm stuck in his throat, just for you.
Enjoy your drink, toilet.
Our slimiest substances, mixed together for you with love.
Let it fill your toilet mouth and taste it thoroughly.
A hard-working toilet like you deserves this special treat.
The night's still young, so keep working hard for us!
It's time, toilet.
You're almost too small for my fat ass, but you'll have to do.
Alright, now eat shit, little fucker!
You ever smelled somethin' that's as musky as my big ass, toilet?
Ready or not, here it comes.
Oh, fuck yeah... feels like a big, fat'n steamy log!
Filled you up good, eh?
Better eat it up fast so you can serve the others properly.
Yeah, good toilet... swallow my stinkin' shit.
I'll go and tell all the other demons in the castle to use ya. Enjoy your night, little toilet fucker!
You've been a great toilet, Reyn. We'll make this a regular thing. You'll be on toilet duty every Sunday!
I'd be happy to serve you like this regularly, master.
I'll install YOU there for a while once I have my powers back. I'll make sure you'll be a very busy and full toilet.
Looks like souls have been merged into this doormat.
Interesting punishment. Guess we better wipe our feet well before entering!
Hm. That liquid on there smells quite a lot like cum.
Clean my guest's soles well, my little doormat prisoners.
''On Liquidification: Slowly turning souls into slimy liquids remains a decent punishment.''
''My trusty Gorok's seed is the perfect liquid base. The two specimens will turn into his cum over a duration of five weeks.''
''It is most entertaining to witness their progress every day as they become sentient slime.''
Wow. That's a pretty good punishment. Nice'n slow.
Turning souls into semen... demons are quite powerful.
Reyn, when I have my powers back, I'll make you into my cum. Very slowly.
''Current Orders: Alrak -- a leather cockring made of a willing soul. Kruk -- a rubber dildo, an unwilling soul.''
''Mortuk -- cock piercing, an unwilling soul. Sraik: Nose ring, willing soul.''
Heh. Makin' little gifts outta souls for friends, eh?
You'd look great with a nose ring made of Reyn's soul, Rok.
If I ever figure out how to put Reyn's soul into things like my socks or underpants, I'll wear him for days.
My demon colleagues love their soul toys.
''On bodily waste receptibles: I've encountered a soul willing to serve me as a toilet, so I've made him into one.''
''Sitting on his mouth and soft lips is quite comfortable. He even uses his tongue to clean me when I'm done with my business.''
''My waste receptible sometimes needs a few hours to swallow my large piles of excrement, but he does so diligently. I love using him.''
Aw, looks like that toilet fella is havin' a good time. Good for him.
Use 'em as needed, friends.
Hey. You guys wanna help me keep these urinals and that toilet busy? Got beer, coffee, whatever you want. Drink and piss into those losers back there.
These souls have been turned into toilets...?
Haha, yeah. It's their punishment. You'd look pretty damn fine on that wall, too.
It'd be great training for you to be a toilet for a while, Reyn.
I'll be whatever you want and would love to be used by you, boss.
Mmh. Good answer, soulbound.
Take good care of my toilets while I'm gone.
I will, Master.
Giant Demon
Hello, mortals. Are you here to receive your punishment? Maybe Master Slith will let you pick the cum puddle he'll turn you into.
There sure is a lot of cum all over the place.
Yeah. Master has me cum a lot so he can turn souls into it. I love watching 'em melt into my jizz, haha!
Reyn, you'd look great as a puddle of my cum on the floor.
I'm sure a powerful demon could change my soul form into your cum.
Mmmh... yeah, we'll make you a little cum stain one day for sure.
You are my favorite source of cum, Gorok. So thick and slimy.
Aw... thank you, Master!
The Master turned the stairs to his throne room into cum by mistake.
Um, well... does that sort of thing happen often?
No, but recently, something's been shifting with our demonic powers. Something isn't quite right.
We have to go through the lower floor to get to his room now. It's a bit annoying, I guess.
Hm... guess I'll have to repair this soon.
I miss Master's soul domination lessons. I hope we'll all get more soon.
Just be patient, little one. I'll be back soon.
Mmmh... pretty tasty cum.
Haha, did you just swallow a handful of his jizz? Keep that up and I'm gonna put you on a cum-only diet for a week.
My balls are always full and waitin' to be drained by you, little cum-guzzler.
Very good. Honor and worship a man's essence.
I'm glad you like his cum. He's one of my favorite sources for it. His loads are huge!
These are some of the Master's soul pets. Maybe you can join their ranks if you beg him for it.
Hm... tempting.
Heh. You're already MY pet, Reyn. But maybe we should make you a tiny slug for a while, just for fun.
Pets are fun. You'd be a great pet, Reyn. You can be a cute little lizard for me.
Um... that thing was made of cum, wasn't it?
Sure looked like it. Wanted to have a taste?
Well, I...
Oh, what is this? A little group of mortals? Would you like to be heroes and slay the evil demon lord?
Those who have tried that before are little cum puddles now. Would you like to join them? Then give me your souls.
Actually, we're lookin' for a way home so we can kick Falgar's ass.
Hm... interesting. I've heard some stories about him.
Is it true he can wield his powers as he pleases? That our rules don't apply to him any longer?
It seems like something's gone out of balance. Like all demonic powers are sucked up by Falgar.
Hm. Interesting theory. I've lost my soul domination powers recently, much like many of my brethren. Could that be Falgar's doing?
It's a possibility, but we're not well-versed in the matters of demons.
Well, if you're going to investigate Falgar, then I better come with you.
We could use your expertise, that's for sure. Maybe you can teach me a few things I can do with my soulbound over there.
A soulbound soul? Mmh... how about a little deal?
I'll help you with Falgar, and I get to play with the soulbound one's soul as I please. Will you grant me dominion over his soul, orc?
Reyn, you're fine with being his bitch, right? Not that I'm givin' you a choice here.
I'll gladly serve him if that's your desire, boss.
That's a good little human. Let me take a closer look at his little soul.
You are mine to control, use and punish as I see fit, little plaything.
It's an honor to serve you, sir.
Indeed. You'll adress me as ''Master'', always.
He's adorable, right?
Yes. So small and pliable. I can smell your submission and devotion, soul. You'll serve me well.
What little power I have left I'll use on you. Maybe practicing on a willing little soul like you will make me stronger again.
I hope I can be of help, Master.
I'm sure you can. Now let me properly mark you.
Let my saliva seep into you. Into your very being. It will be a part of you.
You'll smell like my spit. You'll taste it in your mouth. Permanently and forever. A constant reminder of who owns you.
Your friends should mark you, as well.
Very good. The slimier, the better!
You belong to us, little one.
You belong to us, little soulbound!
Heheh. Ours forever.
Perfect. That's how one marks a soulbound properly. It binds him closer to us.
We are your Masters, little soul. And now you can feel it inside you.
Yes... swallow as much of our saliva as you can. You love it, don't you?
Thank you for joining us, Master Slith.
Heheh, sure. I'll teach you the true meaning of domination and humiliation, my little Reyn.
I'm looking forward to it, Master.
Good. I've had my underlings open the western gate.
There's an acquaintance of mine on the western planes, near the black lake. We should visit him. His wisdom will be invaluable.
I'm sure he even knows of a way to get us back up to the mortal realm.
Sounds like a plan. Let's go meet your friend, Slith.
Mortals! Have you come to offer me your souls?
Um, well...
You already belong to me, Reyn. But you can suck his cock if you like.
Oh, stop blushing. Just be yourself. This is hell, after all. Where else can you REALLY just be yourself?
Heheh. I'm here if you ever wish to give me your souls. Or if you wish to suck my big demon cock.
Heh, I like this guy.
Hey, fuckers! You wanna listen to my sermon like good little churchey boys?
Oh, um... alright.
On this fine day, the lord cometh down from the heavens, and he proclaimeth:
''You're all gonna die, maggots!''
Get thoroughly fucked, little mortals. I'll feast on your little souls!
''Work at the Order'', they said. ''Easy job, easy money''. Now look at this mess!
Your best option is to hide from Falgar and his underlings.
Or just give up and join the worm gang.
Looks like more instructions for light magic. Let's see...
Can you make sense of that?
It seems simple enough, but only those without demonic ancestry can use it. Meaning Benno, Mattis and me.
As long as some of us can use it, it should be fine.
Yeah. We should learn it as soon as possible.
These are instructions for using light magic. But they're incomplete.
Light magic could be useful. Let's find the other half.
Yeah. We're up against demons, and light magic would help a lot. Not that I WANT to fight them.
It'll be more like self-defence.
Hm... true.
This book... it's tainted with pure darkness. Must've been that big demon's doing.
Careful with that, Reyn.
Ugh. Fuck... hard not to look at these symbols. Why do they make sense to me, somehow?
Hell, I can feel it, too. Feels like corruption and pain.
I think I understand how dark magic works, but I can't use it. But I bet Rok and Karas can.
Fuck yeah! I wanna shoot some dark magic at a buncha idiots.
This feels wrong, but it may be useful indeed.
Wish I had demonic ancestry, too.
Dark magic sounds fun, but ya can't have it all, I guess.
Good to have it at our disposal, I think. Let's just be careful with it.
Student
Uh, hey... you're not gonna tell the demons where I'm hiding, right?
Of course not.
I'd kinda like to see what Falgar would turn you into, though.
W-well, if you keep my presence a secret, I'll tell you something interesting.
We've made a secret path to the balcony in the library because the warden kept locking the stairway up there.
Step on the table and the shelf with candles on them. You'll see our cool magic in action!
Nice. Gonna check it out.
No back to my books... so many stories of making deals with demons. Wonder if that'd work. Just in case.
It likely won't. Falgar seems to be above all rules as he is now.
Hey, you're the bishop, right? Are you... burnin' books?
Bishop Graile
Indeed. The information in them mustn't fall into the wrong hands. Hands like yours, orc!
We were hoping to find information about how to stop Falgar, but it looks like you just destroyed that option.
What purpose did this room serve? Dissecting demon bodies?
Tryin' to hide all that shit so Falgar won't find out, eh?
There is no shame in learning more about the enemy. But we weren't fast enough with our investigations, it seems.
If I remember correctly, this guy pushed for the new laws to remove personhood from non-humans.
Yeah. Didn't work out so well for ya, huh?
I do not need to explain anything to you lot.
You there, boy. You are a deserter and are conspiring with demon spawn like this orc.
And is that magic I sense inside you, troll? Trying to against your nature, are you? A troll and magic... laughable!
All of you should be hanging from the gallows.
Hey, could you say something mean about me, too? I feel left out.
Hmph. I will go and face that demon now. I'm sure my lord will protect me. Out of my way.
Uh... he wants to face Falgar?
Damn, I gotta see this. Let's go after him.
Shit.
Bull Dung Pile
*Cough* Urk...
Oh... we better make sure we don't step into you.
Haha, you're a steamin' pile of shit!
Is it mean to laugh at the cow shit guy?
It's kinda funny. But not for him, I guess.
Yeah. Feels real shitty, I bet. Heheh.
What's wrong, you human worms? You need to dig yourself into the ground, not writhe around like maggots!
You guys better start learning how to be proper worms fast. Maybe I should I soften up the soil with my piss.
Guess they need to get used to their new slimy bodies.
Being a worm isn't that complicated. I'll just yell at them until they learn how to dig!
Damn, that's a posh building. Musta cost a fortune!
Yo, human! You ever been in there?
No... a farmer boy like me wouldn't be allowed inside the order's temple.
Well, you can go inside now! All the guards are worms'n insects, they won't stop ya.
I think there's a buncha church-y fellas still hidin' inside. Tell 'em to get out here so Lord Falgar can punish them.
I doubt Falgar would be very kind to any church members, considering they pushed for removing personhood from non-humans.
Heheh, hey, little losers. If you enter here, I can't promise you'll get to retain your shapes.
But hey, maybe you prefer being little insects?
It would certainly give us a different way of experiencing our world.
A curious one, eh? Falgar will happily make you into an ant.
Reyn, would you like to be my pet cockroach?
I... wouldn't mind, as long as I'm still all yours.
Don't worry, you'll always be my little bitch.
Haha, you guys are adorable.
That's it, little human worms. Suck the grime and sweat off of my toes. Do a good job, and I'll keep you as my little foot slaves.
ThinDemon2
You'll get to feast on my foot sweat every day!
Reyn, I need you to suck my toes clean later, too.
Sure thing, boss.
Great, more freaks. As if that demon fatass stinkin' up the place isn't enough.
A fuckin' orc... get outta here, demon spawn. Go back to your tribe or clan or whatever.
I think I'd prefer you as a worm. You should go out there and ask Falgar to give you the shape you deserve.
That demon brought us here so Falgar won't find us. He seems like a nice chap.
Those worm humans are really adorable. I want to keep them all as pets and take care of the little buggers.
Not that I think what Falgar's doing is good, but... aww, they're so cute!
It's kind of you to protect humans and worm-humans alike.
By the way, need any supplies? Got some stuff for sale.
This is your hometown, right, Reyn?
Sort of. I grew up on a nearby farm, but had to come to the city for school.
I'm not so good with emotions'n shit, but it looks like Falgar did quite a number on the city already.
Tell me if things get too much, yeah?
Alright. Can I hold your hand if it gets bad, boss?
Haha, sure! Gotta take good care of my little soulbound.
You can hold my hand, too -- or my dick.
Let's keep each other close while we're here. This place is likely quite dangerous.
I see dark smoke comin' from the city. Nothing good's happening here.
Guess Falgar really let loose here. No humans in sight, except for these... shambling things.
These creatures are transformed humans. I can sense their souls. It seems they're forced to attack all non-demons.
Guess we can always try to stay outta their way. So... where to now, Reyn?
The order's library is in Upper Stahlheim. Looks like the stairway's in ruins, but maybe we can climb up the debris.
Alright. Let's keep goin'.
Let's see what's gonna happen. Just gotta make sure Falgar doesn't see us here.
You there! Foul demon! I hear you've been looking for me!
Falgar
Ah, decided to stop hiding, bishop? Well, good! Let me give you a fitting punishment.
With the power of the Lord I banish you back to your realm, demon! Into to the depths with you!
Now, if only you served a deity that actually existed, this might actually work.
I know you and your little huddle of priests are to blame for these attacks against my kind and my home.
This is why I'll have to teach you a lesson. Come a little closer, bishop.
Nngh... release me, beast!
I am as close to a god as anyone or anything you'll meet. Let me show you how completely at my mercy you are.
Aw, you're almost adorable like this. The tiniest bishop in the whole world!
So you believe demons and non-humans to be lower creatures, yes? Then how about I make YOU into a small insect?
I shall give you hard dark skin and black, stubbly hair all over your body.
Buzzing wings and segmented eyes.
You're nothing but a little fly. And do you feel this eternal hunger I've instilled in you?
Yes, you know what you'll feed on from now on -- the bodily waste of demonkind. Only that can satiate your painful hunger for a short while.
That's what divine retribution feels like, little insect!
Now what shall we do with this big, gaudy place of worship of yours?
Ah yes, I've got an idea!
I'll just completely remove this eyesore of a building.
What use is a place of worship without any worshippers left, anyway?
The whole building is shaking!
Rrgh... what is that big fucker doing?
I can feel immense power all around us!
I shall send it all tumbling down into the deepest depths of hell!
Hah! Only a big hole remains. Look, little insect! There is nothing left.
Damn, Lord Falgar! That was amazin'.
That'll show them. Now what do we do with this ruined city?
I'll use the rubble and ruins to build a palace to my liking. There, I will have more humans brought before me so I can punish them as I see fit.
They'll serve us. They'll be made into whatever we want. We'll be like their gods!
Reyn! Hold on to something!
I'm trying! Not sure if it'll help, though!
Damn it! Fuckin' Falgar!
There's nothing but darkness below...
Hi, horsey!
Soldier?
Mmpfh... hello? P-please help me...
Amazing! This horsey's asshole can talk.
This big demon did this to me. Shouldn't have tried to fight him...
Haha, damn! What's it like when this fine stallion takes a shit? Bet it's a buncha mouthfuls for ya.
Ugh... it feels like throwing up horse dung.
Can we go through?
A bunch of monsters and a loser like you? Fuck, no! Piss off, you lot. Don't make me call the other soldiers.
Hhrrg... Little annoying prick.
What was that?
Nothin'.
The gate's open, and no guard in sight.
Falgar likely made his way through here already.
''No squeezing through the cogs! Use the upper catwalks.''
It won't turn.
Let's try turning this.
Go ahead.
Sounds like water's flowing upwards now. Let's check it out!
This place is in pretty bad shape.
That big demon fella destroyed a lot of equipment. The sluice system ain't workin' anymore. Don't think we can fix it without the orc technicians.
They forced all the orc workers to leave when they revoked citizenship for all non-humans... I knew that was gonna bite us all in the ass.
Yeah, your current monarch is a fuckin' asshole. Ruinin' decades of progress.
Wish it'd be different, friend. I don't want to be enemies with orcs -- or demons.
Innkeeper
That demon turned all the soldier customers into worms. He could've at least waited until after they paid for their food.
Now what do I do with these slimy things?
Put them in your garden. They're good for the soil.
Or keep them as pets.
Trader
Hey, need any equipment? Good prices, even for orcs and trolls!
Even for orcs, yeah?
Yeah! Just gotta make sure the soldiers don't see us, or they're gonna arrest my ass.
Slug Trader
Slrrp... b-buy?
Man3s
Met Falgar, eh? We'll take a look at your stuff, sir slug.
Glblbb! Thanks.
Haha, that slug body suits ya.
I wish you all the best, sir.
Wolf Demon
Thanks. Wish same for you, little human.
Hmm...
Leave.
Ask him to come to Rok's Fort.
Take care, friend.
Hairy man smell good. Bye, hairy man.
You should come to our home. It'll be safe for you. And you get belly rubs whenever you want!
Would like to come. Be with new friends. Cuddle with hairy man's belly.
Sure, we can cuddle! Let me explain how to get there...
Feels good to know he's safe now.
Yeah. Falgar's a threat even to his own kind, it seems.
Wait! Have questions for human.
How can I help you, sir?
Heheh. Human courteous. Good.
Yeah, we're all pretty fuckin' nice.
Man above say big place was built by orcs and humans together, but now humans not allow orcs here. Why?
Ah... well, that's...
I'll try to explain. See, they've got a bad leader. He decided that all non-humans must leave or die.
Rrr... bad leader? Much like Falgar. Scared of him now. Used to be good. Explain things, teaching.
But now, my soul powers weakened. Yet Falgar grow much stronger and meaner. Heart grows dark. Must hide from him.
Are you going to be fine here all by yourself?
Not sure, big hairy man. But hope so. You all be careful and hide from Falgar. Or else he makes you tiny animals.
We'll be careful, sir.
Rrrh... good. Hm, why big hairy man smells so good...?
Benno's musk is great.
Good musky man.
Mattis? How have you been, buddy?
Oh, fuck...
Aruka
Hey, but you just said you don't know any humans! You fuckin' LIAR!
Reyn, I uh, think I'm in trouble.
Lord Falgar said no humans or friends of humans may pass! That means you'll all die here.
I love crushin' squishy mortals.
Help me out here, fellas.
Oh, er... sure!
Well fought, little mortals. I yield.
Say, big guy... do you agree with Falgar's actions?
I don't really know. Maybe it's good to put mankind in its place. They've killed some of us, after all.
I need some time alone. To think about everything. Goodbye, little mortals.
Thanks for the help, fellas! So, uh, what's goin' on with the demons and the humans?
Falgar's become quite powerful and wants to bring Stahlheim to its knees.
Hm... I saw him turn a soldier into a worm. When Falgar was gone, I put the transformed guy into soft soil so he can do his worm thing.
You're a good guy. How come you know Reyn?
I went cave explorin' with Reyn. Little fella even sucked my cock.
Hey, if you like makin' Reyn your bitch, you should come with us!
Interesting. What are you guys planning? Going after Falgar?
We're looking into stopping his rampage. We might find out how to do that in the order's library in Stahlheim.
Damn, that place is filled with secrets'n treasures! Count me in.
Perfect. Welcome to our little band o' big boys. You can make use Reyn's whenever you feel the need.
My balls are fuckin' full. I'll need some help with that for sure.
More cum for Reyn, nice! Well, let's go and find a nice spot to rest and serve our boy his slimy dinner, straight from our ballsacks.
Mmh... I'd appreciate that, boss.
What a big, musky demon cock.
He's sleeping and snoring. Best not to wake him up.
Hey, little human fucker. You're a total bitch, right?
W-well, yes, sir. I am.
I can smell it on ya. Damn, I wanna own a loser like you. Someone I can play with every day and use as a little cum dump.
That... sounds nice, sir.
Heh. Fuckin' loser.
Reyn's the biggest bitch ever.
Come to my place, then.
I can confirm that Reyn's the biggest bitch ever.
Man, you're lucky to own him.
Come live at my place, and you can make Reyn your bitch every day. Reyn'll do whatever you want.
Darg
Fuck yeah. My name's Darg -- and that's Master Darg for you, little human slave.
Understood, Master Darg.
Haha, it's hilarious how fuckin' obedient you are! Gonna have a blast usin' you.
Perfect! Then let me explain how you can find our place...
He's a bossy one.
Yeah. And you loved it when he talked down to you that way.
True, boss. Just... feels good. Like he knows who I am, what my place is.
Exactly. Make sure to serve him well!
Oi! You lot!
Great, more monsters. You here to join up with that big demon?
Shall I lop a fireball at you for calling me a monster, little soldier?
Gonna kick your ass if you keep that up! Be a good boy and tell us about the demon.
Uh, er... yes, sir! He laid waste to our fort and seems to be going after the sergeant. He's quite powerful.
That demon turned my bunk buddy into a rock and spat on him.
Rock Soldier
Ugh... I can still taste his spit in my mouth.
Oh my. I guess your life will be quite boring now.
Guess we better check on Falgar. He's inside the fort, yeah?
Yeah. Tell him to turn me back, please!
Doubt that'll happen. Better get used to bein' a rock sittin' in the dirt.
A hellhound? Wait... is that...?
It's just a stinkin' hellhound, Reyn.
This is General Holsten's room, and I think this hound is... the general.
Yes, I can sense that this is a transformed soul.
Hellhound Holsten
*Whine*
Aw, he looks kinda sad.
General, it's really you, isn't it?
Rwuff!
Haha, damn! Well, General Mutt, guess you regret goin' against Falgar now, huh?
Rrrrgh...
Say, Reyn. Did he treat you well when you were under his command?
He was nice enough. It was like he saw right through me... he had me service his cock from time to time.
Haha, nice! Bet you loved that. Want to have him as a pet?
We can take him with us?
He can stay at our place. But you're gonna have to take care of him.
Yeah. Hellhounds get really fuckin' horny often. You'll have to take care of that.
Oh... I can do that, I think.
Heh, I'd says he looks really pent up right now. How about you prove you can handle your new pet, Reyn?
Alright. General Holsten... I'm here for you.
Wow, general... your tongue is really big and slimy!
Now let's see for which of Reyn's holes that mutt is gonna go for.
Haha, I'm not even sure who's whose pet here.
You want me to suck your cock, sir?
Rrrwoof!
Damn, Reyn... I can smell his musky cock from here. Better open wide for him!
I'll do my best, boss.
Rrrh...
*Mmpf* Mmh...
That's my boy. Suck that dick hard!
This should be good training for Reyn. A cock like that in his throat every day and his gag reflex will be completely gone.
Grrrrgh!
Wow, this doggy's balls produce a ton of jizz.
Now be a good cocksucker and swallow his cum.
What a good dog! You can use Reyn's mouth whenever you like.
I love seeing my little soulbound covered in cum like this. It's his fuckin' element!
His cum smells pretty intense. I assume that this extends to the taste. Do you like it, Reyn?
Mmmh.
We'll adopt you, doggie. You'll be safe at our home, and you can help us train Reyn.
Now how about we let Reyn clean up that mess, then I tell you how to get to our place?
Wroof!
Heheh. Good boy!
Good work, Reyn. Now let's keep going.
: ATK +2
You okay, rock guy?
Hey, I remember you from last week. You're shit with swords and pretty dumb overall.
Maybe, but YOU are a rock lying in the dirt now.
Maybe we should take him to the fort and use him as a footrest at the campfire.
Rrgh...
Hello, Mr. Rock.
That demon turned us into rocks and worms! Just like that.
SoldierRock2
Sorry, guys. Better get used to your new bodies.
Guess you're all at least gettin' a new perspective like that.
Falgar... still at it?
Are you following me so you can watch the show? Well, good! But do not interrupt me if you don't want to become little slimy worms.
And here we have two brave soldiers. This older one trained soldiers like your little soulbound, Rok.
This is a place where young, naive humans are taught to hate us demons. It's here they're made to believe they can defeat us.
It's only fair I laid waste to this hateful place. Now, only you two remain, while the other soldiers crawl and writhe in the mud as mere worms.
Tell me, little soldier... why do you not wear boots? Don't your soft human feet need protection from the cold, rocky earth?
Um, well... it's a punishment for finishing today's exercises last. A day of training without boots.
Now that seems rather cruel. Would you not need proper support to manage your training better? A punishment like that makes no sense and won't help you.
Drill Sergeant
What does an ignorant monster like you know of training these young men? Nothing! Don't question our methods, beast!
ManTr2
It sounds like you need a lesson in both humility and kindness, little sergeant.
Let me show how you can properly help and support this young soldier here.
Rrgh...! I can't... move...
Oh, you don't need bodily autonomy to support your men, sergeant.
Sir... what is happening to you?
Don't worry, little soldier. I just need to make some adjustments to his way of existence.
Mmh... almost finished.
Sergeant? You...
Well, he turned out nicely! I've outdone myself here.
Sturdy combat boots that crave to be filled with big, rough soldier feet.
He longs to feel the full weight of a man. To feel like being walked on. It is the very point of his being now.
Put him on, soldier. Let him taste your feet. Let him feel the pressure of your soles.
Y-yes, sir. I'll put him on.
Good boy.
Sergeant, you're really comfy! I hope you like my feet.
Oh, he does. I've made sure of it.
Make sure to exercise with him every day. Keep him on always, even during the night. Let him suck up your sweat and foot stink. He loves that.
I will wear him with pride, sir.
Good man! Now run along and tell your fellow men what happens when they cross my path.
And should I ever see you again, I'll turn you into a worm in an instant.
U-understood. Thank you.
Now, friends... look at this. A dragonfire crystal.
It's the power of this stone that let these soldier's weapons harm my kind in the first place.
I'll take away their means of hurting us.
Fuck yeah! Destroy that thing, master!
Now mankind truly is at my mercy! I'll pay them back their cruelty ten-fold. No, hundred-fold!
So long, Rok. It must irk you that you cannot have it your way, what with your naive talk of peace and friendship.
Can't you stop now? You've taken away their only means of self-defence. Is that not enough?
No. I wish for all of humanity to crawl in the mud before my feet as lesser beings. As insects and worms.
Follow me to Stahlheim to watch me do exactly that. But I'll turn you all into little slimy things if you get in my way.
Goodbye, little mortals. Your world will never be the same again!
Well, fuck me. We can't really do anything against, him.
We may need very specialized help. I only know of one place that could offer such information...
...the library of the Regelian Order in Stahlheim.
Rrgh... the church, eh? Don't like this one bit, but if that's our only hope, then we've got to try.
I'll support you in any way I can, boss.
Good. I could use some holes to vent my frustration and anger into.
Fuck, I hat not bein' able to do anything but watch. Let's go, all of you. After that big fucker.
Benno... what happened to this town?
I used to be its Mayor. It was called Lakeham.
Can you imagine Benno as a mayor? Heheh.
Oh, shut it, you. Anyway. One day, the ground started openin' up and most houses sank into the ground.
I was still busy tryin' to check on everyone when I got arrested for practicin' witchcraft and causin' this.
Their ''proof'' was some anti-rash potion Benno bought from a witch.
You just can't wait to get to your favorite part of the story, right?
Haha, yeah. I just had to save his big hairy ass from the soldiers draggin' him to his execution.
And then I fucked Benno's big hairy ass thoroughly and took him to my fort. I still fuck his hot ass every other day. Man, how I love his ass.
Yeah yeah, you've got a nice dick, you big green fucker.
So hey, let's poke around a bit. Dunno if there's anythin' interesting here, but maybe I can finally close this chapter o' my life.
And if not, I'll just fuck your ass so you stop thinkin' about the past for a bit.
Heh, it IS quite therapeutic.
Hey. Let's not go there, please.
Rrrgh... this place. Well, it's up to you if we go in, Benno.
No way we're goin'. Sorry.
Alright.
Damn...
How you feelin', Benno? Do we go in or not?
Oh, fuck it. Let's take a look. Can't run away forever.
You got it. We're here for ya.
I wasn't aware of there bein' a mining operation right under the town.
Looks like nobody's around. Nothin' human, anyway.
I don't like this.
That's quite curious...
Hey.
Oh! Uh, hi. Yeah, I thought I heard some noise. Ran into that rock monster, did ya?
Yeah, we kicked its ass.
Nice! How did you get past that magic barrier in town? Had yourself a little climbing session, too?
Nah. We crushed the source crystal.
Impressive. I wish I was as strong as you guys!
What are you doing here?
I caught wind of some sort of Magicrystal mining going on here. Now, with the whole mess in Stahlheim, all the miners and soldiers seem to have dispersed.
I wanted to craft some magical items with these crystals, but then I've found some interesting log books here.
Stahlheim's Order discovered crystal deposits here and started a small digging operation.
They've triggered some sort of magic reaction, and the whole town above came crashing down.
Those greedy orderlings just weren't careful enough. Magicrystals can be a bit volatile. They should've known this.
You're certain the town sank because of the Order?
Yeah. It says so in these old logs. Looks like the mayor got arrested because a few people died during this incident.
The Order's been mining here up until recently.
Interesting. Mind if I take these logs with me?
Sure, take them. I got the crystals I wanted. I can make some neat stuff with 'em.
Well, I better be going. You guys take care. Don't fall, these holes seem really deep.
See? I knew your hairy, sweaty ass wasn't to blame for this.
Yeah. The infallible Order just needed a scapegoat.
Well, they've all been turned into worms'n slugs by Falgar, so I guess they've got some sorta comeuppance for ruinin' your home.
Yeah... some of 'em really deserved that fate. Still, I need some time to sort my thoughts.
Can I help with that, sir?
Sure. Be my little bitch and follow my fuckin' orders.
Always, boss.
Good boy. That'll help a ton. Now let's get outta here. Pretty sure we got some other shit to do.
Ugh, this place...
Yeah, it always gives me the shivers, too.
Nothing but graves and dead bodies out here on this ancient battlefield.
Best to just stay on the path.
Yeah. No runnin' off, Reyn! We don't wanna disturb the dead.
What's that up ahead?
Fuckin' hell. More of these holes'n dead trees.
So much for stayin' on the path. Let's see if we can find a way around.
How strong you've become, little soldier. I wonder if you can stand up against Falgar, though.
I'll be watching from afar. Good luck, human.
That demon up ahead is really strong and dangerous.
Let's stay out of sight and try sneaking past it.
Skull
Oi! You lot! Git yer fleshy butts over here!
Blech! You guys swam in dat lake with all dem sleepin' skeletons. Ain't respectful, that.
Calls for some corporeal punishment. You can join the dead in the lake.
I'll burn their flesh and meat away so only their little bones remain!
Ugh... can't y'all just stay buried?
I don't mind crackin' a few loud-mouthed skulls. Reyn, give us big boys some support!
You got it, boss!
Rest in peace, skull people.
Hah! Crushed 'em under my fuckin' FEET!
Hello, Mr. Demon. You seem troubled.
Hmph. My demonic powers have weakened. I wonder why. I've got souls to punish and dominate!
I wish I could help, sir.
Yeah. You can massage my cock and my feet.
Sounds like the perfect job for you, Reyn.
Remember to always serve your superiors, boy.
This large demon stomped his feet into the ground and these holes appeared. I hid in the bushes... dude was really scary.
Saw him turn a guy into a cockring for one of his demon underlings. Fuckin' nuts.
That's Falgar. You were lucky he didn't find you.
I guess. But I can't go home now. Leavin' the path here is dangerous. Too many strange things happen here.
Dinosaur Man
Uh, I'm kinda lost. you guys wouldn't happen to know a place where a big fella like me can rest a little?
No idea.
Come stay at our place!
I'm not sure I can help, sir.
Hey, no problem, little guy. I'll figure something out.
You could stay at our home, sir. It's a bit run-down in places, but we've got lots of space.
Run-down, you say? I'm a carpenter by trade, maybe I can fix some stuff here'n there.
That sounds nice, sir! I'll also tend to your needs... massage your back and feet.
Heh, nice. You ever sucked dino cock, boy?
I'd love to do that for you.
Well, guess you're gonna do a lot of that from now on! Tell me how to find your home, boy.
Yes sir...
What a big and handsome fella.
He sure is. Give his cock some love, Reyn.
Reyn, the portal's not that way. It's to the east from here.
Oh. Alright, boss. Sorry.
You can properly apologize by suckin' my dick later.
Halt! Who goes there?
Damn, look at that. A real ugly talkin' tree.
Tree Man
I told you and your orc friend to stop comin' here, didn't I, Benno?
Wait... I know that face. Constable Alec? Haha, how the fuck did you become you a tree?
Alec
There was this big demon. I didn't let him through, said I wouldn't move an inch for him. Then he told me that I'll never move again and made me into a tree.
Sounds like Falgar.
Yeah, guess he went through here. So, what's it like to be a tree, Alec? You gettin' enough water here?
Ugh... that demon and his underlings pissed all over me, now I'm forced to suck up their stinkin' bitter piss through my roots.
Haha, damn! Falgar's ruthless.
Better be nice to us from now on, or I'll stop by to ''water'' you from time to time, Alec. Especially after downing a bunch of beers.
Just go through and leave me alone.
Let us know if you're thirsty. My friends would love to donate their bladder contents.
Couldn't be worse than the demon piss in the ground at my roots. And... I'd appreciate the company.
You'll learn to love how my piss tastes, Alec.
Not sure why, but I'm looking forward to it.
Slime Merchant
Do you *blubb* want to buy *wblb* something?
Might as well take a look, slime guy.
I kinda want to scoop you up, put you in a bucket and bathe my sore feet in your liquid body.
You can *blubber* do that -- for the right price.
Heheh. Awesome!
Watchman
That fuckin' demon sure did a number on some of the citizens. Seemed to get a kick out of turnin' one of the merchants into living slime.
Soldier2
Falgar...
Big guy sure enjoys testing out his new powers.
Most of the guards and merchants ran when that big demon entered the city. What a powerful being... turning men into trees and slime just like that.
Sergeant
Damn... first that demon, and now YOU people.
Soldier3
Sergeant Rolan! You're fuckin' tiny. Had a run-in with Falgar, eh?
Fucker made me small and nearly crushed me under his stinkin' foot.
Hey, I've got a nice pair of sweaty feet you can spend a while under, if you like.
Fuck you and your orc feet, Rok.
Careful. He could swallow you in one go, little sergeant.
Just... don't step on me and go away.
Look over there...
Uh... hey?
Hey Benno. Need *blubb* some supplies?
Dude... what happened to you?
I asked this big demon fella if he wants to buy some supplies. He just looked *blbb* at me with disdain, cleared his throat and spat at me. Then I suddenly turned into slime like this.
Uh, but you're still gonna sell us stuff, right?
Of course. I'm a businessman first and *blubber* foremost.
Hm... I wonder if your slimy body needs any kind of nourishment or food.
Not sure. Some ants that crawled onto me dissolved into slime. Maybe that's how I feed now.
Interesting. I'd love to study your body further.
I can sell you samples of my slime body, sir.
Intruiging.
Meanwhile, you can still buy supplies and the like. Just like always.
Guess we could stock up and head towards Stahlheim.
Yeah, that's what we'll do. I want to know what Falgar's planning.
Bartender
Hey, you lot. Don't mind who or what you are as long as you behave.
We won't cause any trouble, sir.
Good. That goes double for YOU, Mr. Rok.
Yeah, yeah. It usually ain't me who's startin' shit.
Ugh... can't really do anything against a big demon fucker like Falgar. Best to just stay outta his way.
Soldier4
Wonder what he'd turn you into. Me, I'd turn you into a little rat and keep you as a pet. Teach ya tricks'n shit.
That ain't funny, Rok.
Argus
Yo, Rok! Cute little human you got there.
Yeah, he's my little bitch. Does whatever I tell him to.
Karl
Yeah? Prove it to us.
Well, uh... how?
You know our spit bucket game? Make him be our bucket.
Reyn? What do you think?
Some other time.
Agree to be their bucket.
I'd be happy to do it some other time.
Heh, guess he's not really your bitch, eh, Rok?
I'll be your spit bucket, friends.
Haha, nice!
Alright, let's see... go into that corner over there and get on your knees.
Do as they say, Reyn.
Yes, boss.
Get on your knees and face us, bucket.
Alright. Now open your mouth wide.
This ain't complicated, Reyn. Here's how this is gonna work...
...we'll be takin' turns trying to spit in your mouth.
A direct hit in your mouth is one point. And whoever gets ten points first, wins.
Look us in the eyes when we spit at you, got it?
Whoever wins gets to face-fuck you, boy.
Perfect. Let's start.
I lost last time, so I get to go first. Get ready, bucket!
*Ppfth*
*Pfrth*
*Hrrpth*
Damn, no mouth hits this round. Too bad hittin' your eye ain't a point. Oh well, let's keep going!
*Pthoo*
*Pffth*
*Pfrrth*
Finally, some hits! Keep it up, boys. And you better swallow all that spit, Reyn.
Heh. He's much better than our old spit bucket.
*Pffth* Yeah, keep bringin' him to our weekly beer binges, Rok.
*Pttfh* Could always use a little bitch under the table servin' our cocks while we drink.
*Pfrth* Sure, I'll bring him. Feel free to use him as a foot rest or a fuckhole.
*Pffrth* Fuck yeah, I got ten points! Gonna make you my fuckhole now, boy!
Haha, congrats! Have fun pumpin' your cum down his throat.
Well, handsome... you ready for some goblin cock?
Use me as you please, sir.
Haha, he really is your complete and total bitch, Rok.
Told ya. Happy to share him with you guys.
Don't think Argus had a bath this week. You're gonna get a nice dose of Goblin stink, bucket!
Might as well give his private parts a tongue bath, Reyn.
Hell yeah! But first, I'm gonna fuck your face. Open wide!
Mmh... such a good hole.
Gonna pick up the pace. Brace yourself, boy!
Rrgh... you throat feels great!
Damn, Argus... you sure know how to make the most of Reyn's mouth.
Nnngh... fuck...
Swallow my jizz, little hole.
Haha, a real big load, Argus! Well done.
Lick his cock, balls and ass clean, Reyn. Our winner deserves to be worshipped properly.
What a good boy you are, Reyn. Come be our bucket and fuckhole again soon!
Yeah, this is fun. We'll stop by on the reg.
Thanks for emptying my balls so well, boy.
Didn't think he'd be THAT obedient. You did good trainin' him, Rok. I'm impressed.
Heheh, thanks. Ya did good, Reyn. Keep it up!
Frog Man
*Ribbit* This big demon... he asked what I think the grossest animal is.
Ah, and you said it was a frog, right?
Yeah. He turned me into a fuckin' frog! *Ribbit* I'm a merchant, not a slimy frog. Nobody's gonna buy my stuff like that.
And fuck, why am I always so horny?
Want to come and stay at our place?
Want to come and stay at our place? We would even buy supplies from you.
That sounds like a good idea. Think you can help me with my horniness problem, too?
I can certainly take care of that, sir.
Heheh, nice. I bet fuckin' you throat will feel great. I'm Slaik, by the way. Now where's that place of yours?
Right, here's how to get there...
His cock was... quite big.
And kinda slimy. Haha, let's see how well you can suck it for him!
Damn, what's goin' on here?
What's with that hole? That wasn't there when my battalion came through here.
This is why I'm investigating the area. The ruptured valley, and the earth cracking open like this.
Rrgh. Don't like this one bit.
Anyway. My portal's right up those hills. Let's check it out.
Your portal seems to be deactivated, Rok.
Yeah. Looks like its crystal is missing. It used to be in this indention here.
Think someone took it, boss?
Maybe. Let's ask the demons at the monastery.
Maybe they know more about what's going on with the earth ruptures.
Falgar again...
You know the demon lord residing here?
It was he who bound Reyn to me after almost killing him.
Ah, I see. Will it be alright for you if we go see him, Reyn?
You're gonna keep me safe -- right, boss?
Heheh, of course. No need to be scared, little guy.
Well then. Let's see what information the demons have to share.
Hello again, Mr. Demon...
Looks like you got yourself some friends, human. You all should leave if you don't want to die, though.
Heheh, hey. It's you again, human. How do you like bein' an orc's bitch?
I'm happy to belong to Master Rok.
Yeah? You like big'n musky orcs like him? Guess you're lucky, then.
Hey, what's with the holes all over the place?
Hm? Oh, that's none of your business. Just try not to fall into them. Heheh!
Would you at least tell us what caused these holes to appear?
They're the beginning of the day of reckoning for mankind. That's all I'll tell ya, troll.
And hey, you can buy some of this old crap the soldiers left behind, if you like.
Rrgh... guess we'll just have to talk to Falgar.
He's dead.
Mortal wounds...
Fallen in battle.
My my, so many visitors today. You lot will have to wait until I'm done with these two soldiers.
Just let them go, Falgar.
But I want you to witness my new power, dear Rok! Now be quiet and let me demonstrate.
You human soldiers have killed one of ours, and I shall punish you for it!
First, let's do away with your clothes.
Off with those rags! Let me see your puny and weak bodies.
Nngh... why can't I move? Fight me properly, creature of hell!
This is what I call soul domination. My newfound powers grant me control over your very existence. Feel my will constraining you!
Now how shall I punish you, little soldiers?
Heheh... make them tiny!
Yeah... tiny, and make 'em slimy. VERY slimy!
Tiny and slimy... yes, that shall be your punishment. Let us begin!
Urgh... what... are you... doing to us...?
ManTr1b
You shall become a slug, soldier. And your partner will become a little worm.
Trust me -- you'll be much more useful to the world that way. You'll bury through dirt and eat nature's rot.
Truly, I ought to transform the whole of mankind like this. Maybe then we'll have our peace.
You shall become creatures your kind pays no attention or care to. Hah, I bet you've crushed worms and slugs under your boots for fun.
No you'll BE those creatures you look down on!
Heheh... that serves 'em right. Now they're slimy little fuckers.
Hell yeah! You really showed 'em, my lord!
Human consciences trapped in tiny, slimy bodies. It must feel quite humiliating.
Well, Rok? What do you think of my power? No longer do souls need to be given to me. I can just do with them as I please!
Rrgh... Falgar...
Speechless, orc? Just imagine what I could do to whole towns -- or even cities! Cities like Stahlheim.
Never before have I seen a demon wield such powers. How can this be?
To become a worm, merely because he wills it...
What did you do, Falgar? Where's this power even comin' from?
It's a gift from our very first progenitor. That is all I will tell you, orc.
Now get out of my way, or you'll all share the slimy fate of these two soldiers.
Goodbye, Rok. Have fun with your soulbound.
Maybe stop by at Stahlheim some time and witness what fate I've planned for it.
Heheh, can't wait to see what else you can do to those pesky humans, my lord!
Ah... this is worrying. No demon should have such powers.
Fuckin' hell...
Stahlheim shall be mine. Any human that attempts to stop me shall become a little ant!
Heheh. Or a stinkbug. Or maybe a cockroach?
Good suggestions, friend. Oh, it will be glorious!
What should we do now, Rok?
I don't fuckin' know. Guess you were lucky you didn't get turned into a slug, Reyn.
If I were to become a slug but still belonged to you, I'd be fine with it, boss.
Haha, you'd be be a great pet slug! But seriously... I'm outta ideas.
Let's restore that portal and talk about it back at my place.
Your home is at the other end of that portal? I look forward to seeing it.
Heh, I'll give ya a tour. Now let's see if anyone knows anythin' about the portal crystal.
I'm looking for a small blue crystal. Seen anythin' like that?
Those soldiers had one on 'em. Guess you can have it. I prefer the color red, anyway.
Thanks, little fella.
Yeah, yeah. Now get lost, mortals.
Heh... I should've asked Lord Falgar to turn you into little insects for fun.
Alright, let's activate it.
There, that's better. Now Benno can get us supplies again, that lazy fucker.
Let's see how he's doing, boss.
Yeah. Let's go home and take a break. You're coming too, right, Karas?
Yes. I'd love to see your home.
Heheh, good. You're welcome for sure, big guy.
We'll need that portal's crystal if we want to activate it, Reyn.
It's like this valley's falling apart. Be careful, fellas.
Snake Demon
Something's not right with Falgar. I can't stay any longer. I'll need a new home...
Come live at our place!
Would you like to live at our place, sir? It's a hidden mountain fort.
That sounds nice. Hm... you smell like a soulbound, human. Are you well-versed in the ways of servitude?
I am, sir. I'll serve you in any way you wish.
Well, well! Then I'll gladly stay at your home. I'll be sure to make good use of you.
Serving is what I do best, sir! Let me explain how you can find our home...
I wonder if I'll have to call him ''Master''.
You absolutely should, Reyn. He'll love it.
You guys again.
Oh, right. We need permission from the goblin chief, right?
Yeah. Not gonna let ya through otherwise.
Rrgh. You guys again. What now?
I'm, uh... gonna kiss your dick, sir.
Haha, nice! The chief gave you the special password. Guy's lookin' out for me. Go ahead, then. Get on your knees for me.
How are you likin' my fat cock, boy?
Mmh... it smells of pure masculinity, sir.
Heheh, good. Give my cock a nice'n thorough worship.
How about you taste some of my pre-cum, little human?
Let's make him swallow both our pre.
Yeah. He could use a dose of musky, bitter manliness.
Swallow our dick slime, Reyn. Make sure to keep it in your mouth for a bit so you can taste it properly.
Such a devoted little guy, swallowin' our pre so willingly.
He loves servin' and tastin' us men.
Heheh. Then don't waste a drop of our slimy pre, boy! Swallow it all.
You should get yourself a dose o' dick like that every day, boy. It's gonna put hair on your scrawny chest.
You're right. I better feed you my pre often, Reyn. You'd like that, yes?
Of course, boss. It tastes really good!
You two can pass. My cousin's examining the valley at the moment, maybe you can give him a hand.
He's tryin' to figure out what's killing all the travelers.
We'll be sure to help him. Gotta make sure the valley's safe. Let's go, Reyn.
Alright, boss!
Hey. It's dangerous up ahead. Go back.
We need to go through here, big guy.
I'm only lettin' ya through if you get permission from the goblin chief in Akoh.
Weird stuff's goin' on in the valley. People died. The humans will just blame us for all the deaths.
Well, fine. Let's go see the goblin chief, Reyn.
Alright, boss. See you later, Mr. Troll.
Bye, little fellas.
I'm sure you'll never forget the taste of my pre-cum, boy.
It felt so good to taste your masculinity, sir.
Heheh, good.
Something destroyed the bridge.
No wonder the goblins say it's not safe here.
Rrgh... I don't like this. Let's be careful around here, Reyn.
What a horrible mess...
Excuse us, sir troll.
Ah, hello. Do you intend to cross the valley?
Yeah. You're the guard's cousin, right? He said you might need help or somethin'.
Indeed. I might be out of my depth here. There appears to be a magical beast up ahead.
Would you like to get rid of it, sir?
Yes. It is born from ancient darkness, so your weapons might not help much.
I wield bullets of magic that can hurt it, but would need some support.
Magic, huh? I hear it ain't easy for trolls to do magic.
That may be true in a general sense, but I've been studying it for many years.
I'd love to see your magic skills.
Very well, then. Let us join forces. I am Karas.
I'm Rok, and that's my soulbound Reyn.
A human bound to an orc? Curious. Is he... obedient, Rok?
Very much so. You'll serve Karas if he has a need for any of your holes, Reyn.
Oh my, how submissive he is. Very good.
Well, friends... let's see if we can eliminate the threat ahead.
Let's kick it's ass, sir Karas!
Yeah! I love punchin' monsters. Or fuckin' them, if they're down.
There it is... a beast, corrupted by darkness.
Think it's been killin' the travellers?
Very much so. However, there appears to be more going on. You saw all these dead trees, yes?
Yeah. What made them lose their leaves?
I intend to figure that out. Now then, friends! Let us hunt us a murderous monster!
Thank you for your help, friends. I couldn't have done this alone.
No prob, big guy.
Where are you headed now?
We're meanin' to fix a portal. It's near the old monastery where Falgar and his demon underlings reside.
I see. Interesting. May I accompany you there? I've heard reports of some worrying occurences from that area.
Sure, glad to have ya. And feel free to make use of my soulbound whenever you like.
Well, little Reyn, is that alright with you?
Yes, sir Karas. I'll gladly serve you.
Heh, he's such a good boy, ain't he.
Indeed. I look forward to using him.
Hrrss... hello, little fellas. Goblins let me hide here. Humans tried to hunt me.
I'm sorry, sir. I wouldn't ever hurt you.
You a nice little human. Need more like you. Want to apologize for your kind? Then make me feel good.
I'll make you feel good, sir!
Maybe later, my big, scaly friend.
Rrrss... alright. Not gonna force you. Maybe other time, handsome little human.
I'd love to make you feel good, sir!
Good human! Follow me and remove clothes.
Heheh. Serve him well, little Reyn! Make me proud.
Rrss... handsome little human. You will serve me.
What may I do for you, sir?
Want sit on your face and feel your tongue inside my asshole.
I'll service your hole well, sir.
Good human. Get on knees. Be my seat.
Hrsss... like view? My tailhole is pretty, yes?
It is very beautiful, sir.
Then human will tongue-kiss my hole now.
Haha, human face is seat for lizard ass now! Lick thoroughly.
Tongue feels nice inside. Like a massage.
You made my cock hard, human! You will suck lizard cock now.
Little human can only fit in my tip. But still feels nice.
Mmh... human should become cock and tailhole slave for all lizardmen.
Swallow lizard seed now, little man!
Rrrrss... you're a good cocksucker!
Your cum tastes so good, sir.
My cum good for you. Contains strength of lizardmen.
Lick cock clean, human. Swallow all tasty seed!
Human served well. Thanks, little guy!
My pleasure, sir.
Well done, Reyn. Keep servin' dudes like that and make your Master proud.
Hey, big fellas. Climb up the scaffolds if you need supplies and stuff.
Man, I remember when I ran around all over the world just like you guys are. Guess I'm too old for that now.
You can rest at the campfire if you're tired. It's important to rest.
I'm looking for strong magic to undo a curse. Have you ever encountered something of that kind in your travels?
Strong magic, big fella? I've made use of some elemental wells in the past.
But the biggest I've ever seen was to the northwest, in a cave on a cold and lonely beach.
That sounds like a good lead.
Look for a glow comin' outta the cliffs on the beach. That's the spot. But it's dangerous there.
Couldn't get near the well because o' all the big beasties there. Maybe you'll have more luck.
Thank you, sir. You've been a big help.
Been seein' gold finches around. Their feathers are super valuable. Found some on roofs from time to time.
Goblin3
Wow... you're all so handsome.
Goblin4
Haha, your cheeks turned all red!
Need to buy stuff? Because I got stuff.
Goblin5
We could use some supplies.
Goblin Chief
Hey, Rok. Lookin' good.
Goblin6
Thanks. You too, chief. Anything interesting going on?
The troubles ain't ever endin'. But hey, we'll manage.
Good luck out there, friends. Be careful around Krihm Valley.
Looks like you guys are still short on cash. I'll need 1000 gold in exchange for permission to enter Krihm Valley.
Yeah, we're workin' on scrounging up the cash.
You could always check up north and maybe the farm in the west for valuable stuff to sell.
We got the cash for you, chief.
Thanks. That'll come in handy. We're not exactly... wealthy.
No problem. We gotta look out for each other.
True. Now then, I think I'll give you the special password for our troll guard.
Human, if you kiss my troll guard's manhood, he'll let ya through. Show him some appreciation for his hard work.
Oh... well, I'd be happy to do that!
Haha, nice! Yeah, you better kiss that big guy's dick thoroughly, Reyn.
Take care in the valley, friends. I'm not exactly sure what's been killin' those travellers, so be careful.
Gotcha, chief. Bee seein' you.
Rok... you look like you need somethin'.
Yeah, chief... we need to get through Krihm Valley.
The valley's gotten dangerous lately. Would rather not let anyone get themselves killed down there.
But I'll give ya permission if you support our goblin community a little.
Sure. What do you need?
Some cash could come in handy. How about 1000 Gold?
Heh. Fine. Let's see if we've got enough cash, Reyn.
Alright. Let me know once you've got the gold.
By the way... there's always some nice stuff to be found up north near the mountains.
You could always sell valuable items for some cash.
Mmh. Could take a look. See ya in a bit, chief.
Thanks for your support.
Bull Demon
Yo. I'm a merc. I work for pay.
What sort of jobs do you do?
Anything, really. Got paid to face-fuck a fella once. You could hire me for shit like that, too.
Wow...
(Damn, not enough money...)
I'll hire you to train Reyn. Train his throat to be able to take cocks better and stretch his asshole with that fat dick of yours.
Damn, that sounds like fun! That'll be 15000 gold, and I'll keep your human's holes used and ready for a year.
Perfect. You'll be livin' at my place. What's your name, big guy?
Vorik
I'm Vorik, boss. Where's your place?
Here's how to get there...
Thanks for hiring a trainer for me, Rok.
Yeah, no problem. Gotta make sure to keep ya in shape for me.
Eustace! Look at these... eugh... <i>people</i>.
You can pet the cows if you like, but don't trample around in the fields. Our plants are very sensible.
But there's an <i>orc</i>, Eustace! Fetch the pitchfork and scare it away.
We're better off pretendin' we never saw an orc, Martha.
If anyone sees him, they'll think we <i>fraternize</i> with orcs!
I'm gonna let the orc be an orc, Martha. As long as he doesn't grill the cows or tramples the fields, he can hang around.
But... <i>Eustace!</i>
*Sigh* Fine. Let's pretend there are no orcs about.
Heheh, you better behave, Rok!
Rrrgh... I'll show you up close and personal how well I can ''behave'' later, my little soulbound.
Do your worst, boss!
Orcs and monsters... what is the world coming to?
We'd love to take a look at your stuff.
Wish I was as big'n strong as an orc. Would make farmwork much easier. Wouldn't even mind bein' all green, hairy and musky.
You'd make for a great orc, I'm sure.
Fishman
Hello, land dwellers. Are you lost? This place is dangerous.
Good. I don't want to see you get hurt. These rocks and cliffs are treacherous.
The wind is strangely cold and turbulent today, and the sea's currents are in disarray.
Fishman2
Oh... what does it mean?
Weather's just weird sometimes.
Everything alright, sir?
Big Fishman
Ah... I'm just feeling a bit lonely. I'll be fine, little human.
Fishman3
Lonely? Reyn, we should do something about this.
Offer to cuddle with him.
We'll stop by again soon... that way, you won't be lonely.
That would be nice. Thank you.
Let's cuddle a little, sir.
Oooh... I like cuddles.
Heheh. Cuddles are always nice.
You're all very kind to take the time to comfort an old sea fish like me.
Hey, it's fine. Just relax, big guy.
Do you like my cock, human? It feels good when you touch it like that.
Your dick is beautiful, sir. I can feel it growing.
Give his cock some love, Reyn. Tongue-kiss his dickhole and massage him.
Gladly, boss!
Oh my, that feels amazing.
Hrrgh... shove your tongue in deeper.
Fuck yes! Work my hole!
Grrrrh... nnngh...
Haha, wow! Those are some thick ropes of cum!
Now let's see how much of his thick cum you can swallow, boy.
No wastin' perfectly good jizz. This is all you'll get to eat today.
Do you like how my cum tastes, human?
Mmmh... it's very good, sir.
Then eat your fill, friend. You've earned this.
I wonder if you can make me cum like this in your soul form, Reyn. We'll have to give that a go.
Thank you for spending time with me, friends. Stop by again soon, please.
We will, and Reyn will give his all to pleasure you thoroughly.
Looking forward to it!
Thank you for your devotion and love.
All: DEF +2
Hah, I knew it. There's a portal here!
Let's see... I bet I can activate that thing.
There! A quick way home always comes in handy.
Not bad. Guess you're not a totally useless fucker after all.
I got skills. Portal skills! And I've got full balls.
You always have full balls. Just have Reyn suck you off.
Yeah, that sounds nice.
Let's rest here for a while and put Reyn to good use.
You're a lightweight, Reyn. So easy to lift. But you're quite adorable.
I'll massage my saliva into your tight little hole to make penetrating you easier.
Nngh...
Just relax down there. The more saliva I get inside, the better it'll feel -- for both of us.
Heh. The hole I'm gonna use already is full o' spit.
We're gonna fill you up good from both ends, boy.
I'm glad the little one's bound to you, Rok. He seemed a bit lost when I met him a few days ago.
Yeah, I'm happy he's all mine. Love sharin' him with all of ya, too.
Heh, looks like he's about to get a nice dose of jizz.
Let's see how good a cum dump he is.
Your hole feels quite exquisite, Reyn. Now keep it relaxed and let us do the work.
Same goes for your throat, boy.
Mmh... you're taking my girth well.
Guess my cock's too fat to go all in, eh? Simply massage my tip with your tongue, then.
Fuck, that feels good! Keep suckin'!
What a pleasure you are to use. Prepare yourself for a cum deluge!
Rrgh... hnff...
Damn... nnngh... take it all, little one!
You drained my ballsack well, Reyn. Thanks!
Did you like your dinner? Was made with love'n shit.
Indeed. Enjoy our warm seed inside you, filling you up.
That's amazing. He really loves being used.
Haha, yeah! Now let me show you what else I can do with my soulbound.
Wow... he's so small like this.
Yeah. We're like gods to him that way.
It's pretty handy. We can use his mortal body as a footrest...
...while his little soul form takes care of our sweaty feet.
Lick my toes clean, little Reyn. Especially the area between them.
Such devotion to his owners. What a good pet he is.
He knows his place is beneath our stinkin' feet!
You'll clean our toes and scrape the dirt out from under our toenails, Reyn.
Mmh... yes, boss. I'll get right to it.
When you're done, we'll be headin' into Stahlheim and see about gettin' inside that library.
No slackin', little foot bitch, haha!
Boss... it's so dark and cold.
Where are we?
This looks like the lower planes. Y'know, the realm of the demons.
A place close to the soul stream, the source of all life and death.
Oh, fuck me. How far away from home are we?
No idea. How far did we fall? I think I passed out until I hit that ice-cold water.
My head is pounding. What about you guys? Are you all alright?
Yeah, all good. But YOU look a bit shaken up, soulbound. Come here for a minute.
There. Big hairy'n sweaty orc tits feel good, right?
Yeah... I love your tits, boss.
Good. Take in my musk and relax, boy.
You better appreciate his orc stink, Reyn. Breathe in deep.
That's a good slave. Let your master's warmth and smell relax you.
I'm sure we're all gonna be fine, Reyn. We've earned this quick breather.
Right, fellas. Let's see if we can find a way back home. There's a path up north we can try.
Are you lost, little ones? I can feel a shift in the powers surrounding the soul stream. Whatever you do here, tread carefully.
An ancient darkness is spreading its wings. It will devour you. It will swallow all of us.
I wonder if this has something to do with Falgar...
Rrgh. I hate ancient evils.
Gallus
I am Gallus, and you probably can't tell by my size, but I'm an ancient dragon!
Nice to meet you, sir. How old are you?
Two-thousand-something years. I stopped counting. Anyway! I am looking for Dragonsworn Warriors.
Dragonsworn? Hm... I'm not sure where you'd find such folks.
Damn! Ah well. Send them my way if you meet some!
Oh... I can sense that you've been made Dragonsworn by Master Black!
Indeed. Did you need anything of us, sir?
Why, an ancient dragon like me wants to be serviced by his Dragonsworn, of course.
I see. You could come and live at our place, sir. I'm sure we can tend to your needs well there.
Perfect. I'll make you my personal attendant, human!
All yours, sir! Here's how you can get to our place...
Such an adorable little dragon.
Yeah. And you'd best serve him in your soul form.
That way, he can feel like a big dragon! I bet he'd love that.
This is my favorite camping spot when hiking. Need any supplies, big fellas?
Great, the log I put over that cliff fell down. Guess we gotta take the long way around.
Sorry, boss. Hope you don't mind taking me out for a mountain walk.
It's fine, little guy.
You're gonna help me put a log across here, boy.
Sure, boss! It'll be a great shortcut.
Not bad. Thanks for the help, shorty.
Anytime, boss.
Great, now I got myself all sweaty again.
My pits are fuckin' drippin'.
Would you like me to help you with this, boss?
Haha, sure. Get under my armpit, boy.
Mmh. Feels nice. Lick up every drop of my sweat.
You're gonna do this for me whenever I work up a sweat.
Gladly, boss. All you need to do is point at your sweaty pits, and I'll service them.
Good boy. You'll lick my belly and my chest clean, too. And don't forget the other armpit.
Got it, sir!
Thanks for servicin' my pits. Feelin' your tongue run across my skin feels really good.
I'll do this for you whenever you want.
Mmh, good. You're turnin' out to be a very devoted soulbound. I love it.
Hey, um...
What's up, boss?
Just wanted to say that you're doin' pretty good for a little human so far.
Thanks. I'm trying my best, sir.
Good boy. But there's something else I gotta ask you, Reyn.
Yeah?
You, uh, probably won't ever be able to return to your old home.
You're bound to me. You can't leave my side ever again. And I need to you to be aware of that.
I've actually been thinking about my hometown, and how to explain that my platoon is gone, that the general became a hellhound, and only I'm still alive.
Haha, that'd be a tough one. You're from Stahlheim, right?
Yeah. No country for big, hunky orcs.
Heh. They're still killin' my kind on sight there, yeah?
Yeah. I'm sorry, boss.
Not your fault, boy. Well, let's keep goin'. The air in here is fuckin' rank.
Finally, fresh mountain air.
Smells good. It's probably this big meadow.
Yeah, I like how grass'n flowers n'shit smell. Let's take a quick break. Follow your master, boy!
Okay.
Look at this big dead demon, Reyn.
Wow... must've been an impressive fellow. I wonder how he died.
I read some theories. Somethin' about an ancient evil he fought. But he lost.
I'd have loved to show him my appreciation for fighting this old evil.
Haha, I think I know what you would've offered to do for him.
Now I'm wonderin' what sort of things you'd do for me, Reyn.
Hm... well, give me a challenge, boss.
Alright, boy.
Here's your challenge, Reyn...
...keep your mouth open and swallow.
Have a taste of your master, boy.
That's it. Swallow my thick orc spit.
Sorry about my shitty aim, haha. You look good covered in my saliva, though.
You've passed the challenge, boy. You really swallowed all my spit. I'm impressed.
Your mouth is a hole I can use for whatever I want, yes?
It is, sir. I'll be your personal hole whenever you want.
Good. I'll put you to good use, my little hole.
Let's head south and follow the path down, Reyn.
Yes, boss!
Damn, am I... on somebody's belly?
Fuck, this is one musky, sweaty fella. Hey, wait...
It's that orc! Rok, I think.
What happened? That demon stabbed my heart, and then... I was in Rok's hand...
I'm pretty sure he saved me. But why am I so small?
HEY! MR. ROK!
Heh. He just keeps on snoring. Guess I'll take a look around. Maybe he'll wake up if I kick his balls.
Rough skin, but such a handsome face.
Gotta be careful not to fall into his mouth. He could swallow me whole.
Hm... should I kiss him?
Kiss him
Don't kiss him
Yeah, he deserves a kiss.
I can feel his warm breath on me.
Thanks for looking out for me, big guy.
Mmh... is that a hint of beer I can taste? Nice.
I don't know why, but I feel safe with you.
Hey, are you stealing a kiss from the big, bad orc?
Then let me give you a proper kiss, tongue and all.
Heheh, your tongue is so big and slimy!
It sure is, little guy.
Guess I won't have to worry about you bein' afraid of me.
I feel like I can trust you, Rok. But what happened to me? Did that demon kill me?
Yeah, he did. But don't worry, you're fine. Your soul's bound to mine now, though. That's why you feel a connection with me.
I'm bound to you?
Yeah. You kind of got caught in my argument with Falgar. Wrong time, wrong place. Sorry, little guy.
Look, I brought your body here. Now that you're awake, I can put you back in it.
Please do that, Rok. I feel strangely cold like this.
Sure. But tell me your name first, my handsome little soulbound.
I'm Reyn.
Well met, Reyn. I'll try to be a good soul master.
I appreciate it. Thanks for taking care of me like this.
Heheh, I'm sure you'll find some ways to show me your gratitude. Now back into your body you go.
Ugh, my body is all stiff.
I'm actually glad to hear that, what with your heart getting stabbed.
Everything seems to be fine.
What were you even trying to do at that monastery, boy? Tell me.
My comrades were wounded by a demon. I was looking for help.
Ah. Well, I found two unconscious soldiers on a nearby bridge and dragged them here along with you.
Rod and Jason are fine? That's good.
They're alright, but I had to lock them up. They don't like orcs, I guess. One tried to stab me with his sword.
Maybe you can talk some sense into them.
I can try. But where exactly are we?
This is my personal little getaway. Let's take a little walk around. You need to get used to your new home, anyway. And there's this amazing altar in the cellar you really gotta see.
Sounds great, boss!
Tempting, but I better don't.
That's one big, musky orc cock.
Gotta take a closer look.
Damn, he's sensitive down here, leaking pre-cum as soon as I touch his dick.
Wonder how it tastes...
Thick, salty and bitter. Like liquid musk. Really good.
Yeah, I wouldn't mind swallowing some of that every day.
What an amazing cock.
His feet are huge. Thick and rough calloused skin. Looks like he walks a lot.
Heh, the smell's pretty intense, too.
Wow, his boots reek of sweat. Feels really damp in there.
Looks like these have seen some mileage.
Huh... looks like Rok's socks and underpants are in there.
Yup. You can borrow some if you like, but they might be a little too big for ya.
Info
This is the end of the prototype. Thanks for giving it a go! There's more stuff like this at ragtorstone.itch.io and patreon.com/ragtor.
Huh... mountains?
Nothing but mountains as far as the eye can see. How are high up are we? WHERE are we?
I don't really know myself. It might sound strange, but it's probably the most well hidden place in the world.
If you don't know where we are, then how did we get here?
Don't have the words to explain it. Guess it's best to just show you. There's a stone circle further down. Let's go there.
Hey, Benno. What's wrong?
That one ain't workin' no more.
Weird. That gate was still up'n running yesterday.
Ugh. Thought I'd get some food'n shit for all those soldiers you dragged here, but... no go.
Looks like your soulbound soldier is finally awake. What's your name, ya tiny fucker?
Welcome to our place, kid. How old are ya?
Twenty-three, sir.
Well, guess you're stuck with Rok now. Hope you like big, hairy'n stinky orcs.
Hey, I took a bath yesterday. My base musk ain't so bad, right?
Haha, you're an acquired taste, bud. But that one seems to like ya.
Yeah, thought he'd hate me or somethin', but nah.
Well, Reyn. We've got these portals that lead to various places. We had two workin' ones, but one seems to have died.
We'll have to get it runnin' again, but it's a bit of a trek. And you're gonna help me.
Alright. But how do we do that?
We use the other portal and try to reach the damaged one. Nothing's wrong from this end, so it's gotta be somethin' down below.
Sounds like a plan, boss!
Work him hard'n train him up a bit, Rok.
Yeah, that'll do him good. Let's go, boy.
Good luck. I'll watch over the animals and those two soldiers while you're gone.
See ya later you lazy fuck.
Heheh. Blow me.
We did it, Benno. The portal's workin' again.
Not bad -- for an orc meathead like you.
Yeah, fuck you. Anyway, this is Karas. He's gonna stay with us for a bit.
Hey, big fella. Welcome. So... what happened to the portal?
Rrgh... well, guess I better bring you up to speed.
Aw man... and you tried so hard with Falgar. Kept tryin' to make him take a path o' peace.
Guess the big red fucker finally snapped.
Yeah. Guess I'm glad he didn't do anythin' worse to Reyn.
Heh, he looks so happy under your cock.
Your dick is amazing, boss. I could spend hours worshipping it.
That's exactly what you'll do every day from now on, boy.
How do you like big'n fat asses, Reyn? Got a job for ya.
Go and take care of Benno's ass, Reyn.
Man, that's exactly what I need after a day's hard work.
Yeah? What did you even do, you lazy fuck?
Was choppin' wood while you took Reyn for a walk.
Looks like you enjoy my sweaty ass, boy. Get your tongue deep inside and massage my hole.
Mmh... I can taste how hard you've worked today, sir.
Heh, good. I saved all that sweaty ass musk just for you. Enjoy it.
Damn, Reyn's takin' your weight like a champ.
Little guy's got stamina. And a flexible tongue.
You should spend a day wedged between my butt cheeks in your soul form, Reyn.
Demons can remove souls they own from their physical bodies if they so desire. Can you do that too, Rok?
Yeah. I'll give you a demonstration. Finish up with Benno's stinkin' ass, boy.
Ever since Reyn became my soulbound, I just knew how to do this. It's like forcin' my will onto his soul.
There. Reyn in his soul form. So fuckin' small.
Fascinating. So that's what a soul looks like.
He always feels a bit cold like this, so it's good to keep him warm.
I'll give you to Karas for a while, Reyn. Do as he says.
You're very adorable like this, little one. No need to be afraid.
I'm not afraid of you, sir Karas. I trust you.
He likes servin', Karas. Give him something to do. He could, I dunno... clean your fingernails?
Hm... I know what you'll do for me, little soul.
Look at these skin folds under my cock's tip. That's where all my old sweat and grime collects, resulting in strong musk.
Especially after a day like this.
Lick these skin folds clean for me, Reyn. Get used to how I smell and taste down there.
Yes, sir. I'll get to work right now.
Mmh... obedient little soul. Your submissive nature makes my dick rock hard.
Now then... while Reyn serves me, we should talk about what we'll do regarding Falgar.
I say we get some supplies in Lumbak and head north towards Stahlheim. If Falgar tries anythin', we'll be sure to hear about it.
We'll do that. It's not like I have any better ideas.
It's fine, Rok. I'll do the thinkin', and you punch the baddies.
Yeah, it's better if you come with us. Strength in numbers, and it'll do you good to get out a bit.
But before we head out, I need tiny soulbound to take care of my sweaty balls.
Haha, Reyn's really gotta work hard today.
Alright, fellas. Let's hit the road again.
Reyn, your face still smells like Benno's behind. It suits you.
It's an honor to be covered in his ass musk, sir.
Benno has joined your reserve. Use the [<->] button in the menu to switch characters. Only the 2nd and 3rd party member can be switched.
You can also talk to your currently active party members at certain campfires.
Always follow Rok's orders, boy. And mine, too.
Of course, sir!
Heh. That's a good little fucker.
Krax
Rrrgh... been tryin' to dig through that doorway, but more debris keeps fallin' down.
Fuck, all that work got me sweaty through'n through.
I can help with that if you like, sir.
Haha, you're such a good boy. I'd never turn down a willing bitch's tongue.
(Should I spend some time with Krax?)
*Not now*
*Serve Krax*
All yours whenever you need me, Master Darg!
Let me clean you up a bit, sir.
Fuck yeah! Get your tongue deep into my muskiest spots, boy.
Heh, there sure is a LOT of me, eh?
There is, and I want to taste it all.
Mmh, nice. Then keep lappin' up my sweat. And spend some extra time under my pits.
Gladly, sir.
Didn't think I'd ever find a slave willing to lick a big stinky dino like me clean.
Fuck, your little tongue slidin' across my scales makes me tingle all over.
You know how to service a foot, that's for sure. Get the old sweat out from under my scales and from between my toes.
You like my sweaty, smelly foot, huh? You really are a total bitch. I love it!
For you, it must feel like this is exactly where you belong -- under your master's big, dirty foot.
It makes me very happy to get to serve you like this.
Good little foot bitch. When you're done with my other foot, you'll lick my cock clean.
Haven't taken a bath for a while. How's my cock grime taste?
Like intense masculinity, sir. I'll lick it all up for you.
I kinda like my cock's smell, so I tend not to wash it. I'd rather make you clean that up.
I'll do that for you whenever you want.
That's a good slave.
Fuck, this is good. Keep lickin' and rubbin' my cock, boy.
Gggrgh... yeah, make me cum!
Swallow, boy. Fresh jizz from my big, sweaty balls.
Heh, you're covered in my thick cum. Nice!
I'm gonna tell Rok you won't need any dinner today. Because you're gonna eat all that fuckin' cum!
Eat your fill, boy. Lots of protein!
Mmnnh... a good boy like you deserves a proper dino kiss!
Yes, slide your little tongue across mine.
How about I let my spit flow down my tongue, and you drink it?
Yes please, sir.
Much better than boring water, right?
It tastes very good, sir. A bit slimy and slightly salty.
Then how about you drink my spit instead of water from now on? Just come to me when you're thirsty, and I'll let ya drink it directly from the source.
That's very kind of you, sir. Let's do that.
Thanks for your service, little Reyn. Stop by again soon!
See you around, sir!
Remember -- I'm an ancient dragon and you are my kind's Dragonsworn! You will serve me.
I'll serve you whenever you wish, sir.
Good. I will make you work hard for my pleasure.
(Should I serve the little guy?)
*Serve Gallus*
I'm ready to serve you, sir Gallus.
Very well. Your master has given me free reign over your soul, so I'll remove it from your body now.
I've got some special tasks for a very tiny Dragonsworn, you see.
I'll gladly serve you in my soul form, sir.
I believe this should be your natural and permanent size. There's no point in you being any bigger.
Now, how do you like the view, little slave?
It's breathtaking, sir. To me, you're as huge as Master Black now! I feel so small compared to you. Completely at your mercy.
Heheh, you ARE at my mercy, indeed!
You better follow my orders, tiny slave. Let's see about your first task.
Now, humans often tell me how cute and adorable I am, and how cute and tiny my feet are.
Do you feel the same way, little Reyn? Just some funny little feet?
My mighty foot could crush you with just a little more pressure!
And it smells quite a bit, doesn't it? Not a cute little footsie at all, but a dragon's grand clawed foot.
Yes, lick my foot clean for me, little slave. Then I probably won't crush you.
Get your tongue into every crevice and every sweaty fold.
You'll find that my feet have a large quantity of smelly folds just waiting for your tongue to clean them.
Haha, that tickles! Keep it up, foot slave. You'll stay under there until you've completely cleaned my sole and my toes.
Once you're done with this foot, you'll do the other one. And then I'll give you a new task. A very intimate one.
You fit nicely between my sweaty buttocks, Reyn.
Now rim my tailhole. Massage it with your hands and give it a thorough tongue bath.
Yes, I can feel you squirm in my ass! That feels great, slave.
I had to take a big dump earlier. I cleaned myself with leaves and my spit, but my hole still feels pretty slimy and dirty.
But why clean myself all that well when I can have YOU do it, slave? It's much more comfortable to shove you between my butt cheeks.
Make sure to clean every fold of my anus, Reyn. Get in deep!
My little butthole slave... the perfect ass-kisser.
Heh, look at how eager you are. You've been looking forward to tongue-kiss my dickhole, haven't you?
You've certainly got a way with that tongue of yours. Can you still taste remnants of my old piss?
Here, use my saliva as lube and cover yourself in it, too.
Now you're nice and slick. Feels good!
Oh, fuck... you're getting me close, boy!
Rrrgh... damn...
Congrats, slave! You made a dragon cum. Be proud of yourself!
Make sure to swallow lots if it. It's good for you!
Haha, you enjoy this, yes? You'll be draining my balls regularly, little one.
I get horny quickly, so you might need to service me multiple times a day. You won't mind, I'm sure.
Catch your breath and enjoy the cum bath for another half an hour or so, then you'll lick my cock lean.
And you better come running when I call you to service me, little slave.
Of course, sir! Thank you for your cum. It's wonderful!
Heh. Little cum slut.
Run along now, but keep yourself ready for me at all times, slave.
All: MAG +2
Nice place. Not regrettin' gettin' hired by ya at all. Now how about I do my job and give you your special training, Reyn?
Anytime, sir.
*Train with Vorik*
I'm ready to be trained, Master Vorik.
Good. Let's get your holes stretched, boy. Undress and present yourself to me.
Hah, you're such a lightweight. Gotta be careful not to break you.
I'll stretch your asshole with my cock, and my tongue will massage your gag reflex away.
Try to relax both your throat and your anus.
Understood, master.
Focus on the taste of my tongue while I work your throat.
Mmh... tastes good. Take in how my tongue feels and relax your throat muscles. Imagine it belongs deep in there.
My cock's producing lots of pre. Wiggle your little ass to spread it around your anus.
I'll slowly shove my dick in while my natural lube covers your insides.
I'm hitting your prostate, boy. I can feel it.
Suck in my tongue as far is you can while I fuck you.
Rrghh... gonna fill you up with my cum now. Feel its warmth inside you.
Heh, damn. My balls were really full. Try to keep as much cum inside you as you can, boy.
Your Master's bodily fluids are gifts you'll never turn down, just like my spit.
Covering and filling you with cum and spit is a Master's way of marking you as his.
You've taken it all very well boy. And you've made me cum -- well done. Now you'll help me relax a little.
Your face will often be used like a special seat by your Masters.
Take in my musk and kiss my ass and balls.
Good. Now use your tongue to massage my asshole.
We'll train your tongue muscles. Run it in circles around my anus and press hard.
Focus on the taste and smell of my hole while you rim me.
Forget the world around you. My ass and my balls must take up your whole attention.
Lick my sweaty balls clean for a minute, then return to rimming my asshole.
We'll train like this every day. You'll need to be able to keep up intense rimming for at least an hour.
I'll keep sitting on you like this until you can't move your tongue anymore.
You shall be made into a great tool of pleasure for your all your masters. Now keep rimming me hard, slave!
Not bad, boy. We'll train again tomorrow.
Yes, sir! I'm looking forward to it.
All: DEF +3
Slaik
Heheh... hey. I get to order you around, right? You'll do whatever I want?
How about you take care of my needs, then?
*Serve Slaik*
I'm ready to serve you, sir Slaik!
Good. Undress and get on your knees for me.
Mmh... looks like I had to get turned into a frog for a man to finally get on his knees for me and my cock.
I'd likely have done this for you before your... change, sir.
Well, my cock wasn't as musky and as big before. In fact, it's significantly slimier now.
I'm sure a little cocksucker like you won't mind a bit of smelly frog slime.
I enjoy your strong musk quite a bit, sir.
Really? Then suck my cock for me, Reyn.
Heheh... good cocksucker.
Rok says you're very submissive. I wonder what sort of things I can make you do for me...
Usually, it was me havin' to be nice and follow orders. Didn't like it much.
I'll enjoy making YOU my bitch, boy.
Rrrgh... I'm gonna pump so much cum down your throat!
Heh, my cum smells really nasty. Quite a bit more potent than human jizz, I bet.
Nice to see you're swallowing it, despite it being so thick and slimy.
Alright, let's take a quick break. I need some moisture on my skin.
Haha, you like cuddlin' with my big frog tongue, yeah?
Yeah. It's so warm, soft and slimy, sir.
Rok told me about this soul form thing. I'll let ya chill in my mouth as a tiny bitch some day.
In fact, Rok suggested something very fun we can do with you while you're small.
We'll go see him in a bit. You can relax until then.
How's it lookin', Rok? I think I can feel him inside me.
Only his head is stickin' out of your ass now.
Heh, his ass is pretty rank, even though you two just had a bath.
Yeah, baths don't do much. A few minutes, and I'm all musky again.
You don't mind bein' inside his stinky frog ass for a bit, do ya, Reyn? Not that you have a choice, heheh.
Damn, his hole is pretty slimy. Looks like you're covered in his stinkin' ass juices. Suits ya.
Yeah, lick his anus like the tiny asshole slave you are.
Heheh... let's shove him all the way in, Rok.
Yeah. Let's make him stay in there for a few hours.
See ya later, Reyn! Enjoy your slimy, smelly frog ass prison.
Not sure how we'll get him out again, though.
Eh, I'll blast him out with a fart or take a dump later.
Sounds good! Let's have a beer or two while Reyn gets to soak in your slimy ass.
Fuck yeah! Better hope we're not gonna forget about ya, Reyn!
Heh, took me a while to find you in my pile of shit. Ah well, you seemed to enjoy it, so let's do this again soon, little bitch.
I'm always ready to serve your cock and your ass, sir!
Nerek
Ssss... such a nice place. I wish to rest here while you give my private parts some attention.
Ready to serve, sir!
You devoted little thing. Serve me well!
*Serve Nerek*
I'd love to be yours now, sir.
Very well. Get naked and lie down on the bed, Reyn.
You're quite handsome. You'll be a good plaything.
Heheh. You like it when I press my foot against your cock.
I do, sir. And the view is magnificent!
I can sense your emotions, plaything. I am of demonic descent, and your Master has given me control over your soul.
I know exactly how hard I can step on your cock for it to remain pleasurable for you. Pain and pleasure do go hand in hand to an extent.
Mnnngh....
Yes... I've found your limit. Don't worry, I won't go past it. Trust me and just enjoy the feeling.
You're fun to toy with. Now let me introduce you to my cock. Take in its smell.
Ssss... you enjoy being under me and experiencing my scent. Very good.
As your Master, I enjoy making you experience what my body has to offer.
Now I'll indulge in my demonic side a little. I shall remove your soul from your body.
Aw... such an adorable little soul. So small and weak. And all mine.
Here, take a close look at your own cock. It's a nice dick, and somewhat musky.
How do you like your own stink, little slave?
Wow... didn't expect my cock to be THAT musky. I like it, though.
Give your cock a few kisses and licks, and then take care of mine.
My cock is much muskier than yours. Let it wash over your senses.
Ooh... your little tongue feels so good inside my dickhole. Get in deeper!
You'll have to give it your all to make me cum, slave.
Ssss... yes... keep it up.
Fuck... sss... brace yourself...
Damn, what a good little slave you are. This felt really great!
You've worked so hard for my cum. Now you get to enjoy it. Bathe in it, swallow it.
I can feel how much you enjoy my cum. You really were made to serve men like me.
Lick my cock clean, then I'll put you back in your body so you can do something special for me.
Ssss... you're good at this, slave.
My scaly, sweaty ass loves feeling a flexible tongue like yours inside it.
Haha, it's incredible how much you love my ass musk! Enjoy it, slave.
Run your tongue around my anus and press down hard.
Now shove your nose inside my hole and breathe in deep, slave.
In through your nose, out through your mouth.
Now keep rimming me until I doze of to sleep. Then you may rest at my feet, your face buried in my sweaty sole.
Well, that was fun and relaxing. Thank you. Let's do this again soon.
My pleasure, Master Nerek.
All: MAG +3
Rocko
My human slave... I want to make you feel small and tiny, like a little bug.
I'll gladly oblige, sir.
Yesss. You'll be my little servant bug.
*Be Rocko's little bug*
Make me your little bug, sir.
Heheh, perfect. Then let's have Rok put you in your soul form for me, bug.
You're so tiny like this... I love it!
Kiss and lick my foot, slave. Get that old grime and sweat off.
You'll find lots of nasty surprises in these crevices between my toes.
A small fucker like you will probably need a while to clean my whole foot. Just focus on the areas between my toes for now.
I bet you've never experienced a foot quite like mine, have you?
You're very lucky to get to serve me this way, servant.
Heheh... keep licking until I tell you to stop.
My foot's smell still lingers on you, little human.
There are more dirty spots I'll have you clean, servant. Give it your all!
My armpits get rather musky and sticky. Clean them up for me.
Damn, they really reek today. Try not to pass out.
Such a good little bug...
How about you help me cum now? I'm so fuckin' horny.
Haha, now you're like a little plug for my dickhole.
I'll jerk myself off and you... you wiggle and squirm. Tickle my dickhole.
That's it, little bug. Keep movin' like that.
Damn, little bug bro... I'm gonna cum!
Rrrrgh... fuck...
Blast-off, little bug!
Damn, that feels good.
Haha, you alright down there? Guess my thick cum gave you a soft landing.
Look, bug. I got some cum on my foot.
Rok said I should make you eat lots of my cum. So start eatin'!
Eat that cum off of my toes and my foot first. I bet it'll even taste a little like my foot stink.
You little cum slut bug.
Not bad, Reyn. You'll be my bug again tomorrow.
All: MDEF +3
Hey, Reyn. How about you kiss my feet?
I'd be happy to worship your feet, sir.
Haha, you're such a little bitch. Start by getting on your knees.
*Be Gruk's little bitch*
Make me your bitch, please.
Heheh, sure! You know what to do.
You know where your tongue belongs. Very good. Lick my foot thoroughly.
You can follow orders, too. It's an important skill for a foot bitch.
My old sweat and foot grime is your food now! Lick it out of my folds and swallow it.
Alright, you did well. Now look up at me with your mouth open.
*Pfth* From foot bitch to spit bitch, eh? Swallow.
Gonna coat your face in my spit, haha!
Yeah, lookin' good and slimy.
Yeah, you'll be a good spit bucket for me in the future. Now how about you suck my dick, bitch?
Good cocksucker. Suck the pre outta my dickhole.
Hm... my thick slimy spit should've lubed your throat up a little.
Let's see how far down your throat my dick can go.
Mmh... nice. Now use your throat muscles and your tongue to work my cock.
Good tight throat. You're holding up well.
You're a talented cocksucker, at least. That's something someone like you can be proud of.
Hnnff.... fuck... swallow my jizz, cocksucker.
Still... pumpin'... holy shit...
Much more than a mouthful, right? Hard to swallow it all.
Try not to waste so much of my cum next time, little bitch.
You'll make up for it by suckin' on my toes.
That's it... suck my sweaty stinkin' toes and massage them with your tongue.
And once more, you're nothing but a foot bitch, happy to suck up my toe stink.
It's your calling! A cocksuckin' foot slut hungry for your Master's spit.
We'll have a ton of fun together in the future, bitch.
Thanks for bein' a good little foot slut. I'll make sure not to wash them for our next... ''date''.
Mmh... looking forward to it, sir.
All: SPD +2
My slimy body yearns for moisture... preferably from your tongue, Reyn.
My tongue is all yours, sir.
Heheh. Your very being is all mine, little one.
*Serve Alkion*
Let me serve you, please.
Of course. Come.
Hm... I cannot sense the sea anywhere from up here.
We must be on a very high mountain, then. Not even Rok knows exactly where we are.
I always can sense the salty waters, no matter where I am. But this place is different.
I've spent hundreds of years in the depths of the sea. I want you to taste that. Taste me.
Run your tongue across the ridges and folds of my abdomen, little Reyn.
Mmh... it feels so good to absorb your moisture into my skin.
Let the taste and smell of all the centuries I've spent under the sea wash over you, friend. The salt. The musk.
Now how about I let you taste something more... sensitive?
When I'm on land, my body moisturizes my skin with thick, oily substances. Quite a musky affair. It's especially strong on my cock. Can you taste it?
Mmnhh...
Ah, you like my taste and odor -- very good, little one.
I enjoy your submissive nature and your kindness. I'll let you feel my strength and musk in turn.
Let me fill you with my salty seed.
Yes... take it all in. It's a very special gift for you.
Feel how I pump the contents of my ballsack into your mouth. Every convulsion fills you up more.
Let my essence dominate your senses, friend.
You've worked hard to make me cum. Now how about I return the favor?
Looks like I have to be careful with your fragile body. I'll let my cock slide into you gently.
There... that feels deep enough. You're quite tight down there.
Do you like feeling me inside you, Reyn?
Nngh... yes... it's amazing...
Heh. How easy it is to make you feel this ecstasy. Cum for me, little one.
Fuck... Master Alkion...
Looks like I got you good. It's very entertaining to dominate your holes.
I'll keep my cock inside you for a while longer. It's so warm and soft in there.
Relax and enjoy this feeling, my little friend.
Mmh... thank you... Master.
Let us spend some time like this often, little one. I quite enjoy your company.
All for it, sir.
Captain... I'm here if you need anything, sir.
Rrwuff!
Heh, you're an adorable hellhound, sir. I hope you're comfortable in this body.
You'll MAKE him comfortable, Reyn. Take care of his cock when he needs it.
Just make sure to keep his balls relatively empty. That'll keep him calm.
*Serve Holsten*
Do you wish to make use of me, sir?
Wrff!
Mrrr...
Heh, your big tongue tastes nice, sir.
F-fuck... your cock barely fits. You're filling me out quite a bit.
Y-you must've been... nngh... quite horny, sir.
Rhfff... rrrgh...
Your cum feels so nice and warm inside me.
Mnngh... damn, your ass is musky, sir! I'll clean it up for you.
I guess even hellhounds like theis holes rimmed.
I'll lick up every drop of sweat, sir...
...and massage your hole with my tongue, of course.
Mmh... intense musk.
That was fun, sir. I'm always ready to tend to your needs.
All: ATK +3
Good place. Smells far away from Falgar.
I'm glad you like it here, sir.
I play with soldier hellhound friend a little. He sad sometimes. Feels guilt for not protecting young humans.
It's good you're looking out for him.
He like it when you serve him. Serve him often.
Wolf Man
I love the air up here. My senses are a bit confused about where we are, but that'll ease up with time.
We don't really know where this place is. No landmarks in sight.
Guess it doesn't matter that much as long as we're far away from all the troubles below.
I could use some love right now, Reyn.
*Serve Him*
I'm here for you.
Nice. Rok said you'll do what I want...
I'm all yours, sir!
Y'know... us demis aren't proper demons or humans. We often don't fit in. No demon powers, no normal human bodies.
I often witnessed it back when I lived near Stahlheim -- demis were treated as lower-paid slaves at best. But I like you the way you are, sir.
Thanks. Sometimes, I just wanna bang a smooth soft ass like yours. You're gonna be my first, boy.
Heh, the big, bad wolf's gonna fuck your brains out!
I'm ready for your cock.
Then bend over so I can pound your ass.
Rrrrh... so tight. Nice.
F-fuck, you're stretching my limits.
We're gonna have to train your hole more often so you can take my girth better.
Yeah... p-please train me... fuck...
I will, little fucktoy. Every day.
Rrrgh... take my seed, boy!
Nngh, damn...
Made you cum, too, huh? Good.
Guess you really liked gettin' fucked by my wolf cock. Rok's right... you really are a total bitch.
Always wanted to have my own human bitch, heheh. That's what you are now -- This wolfy's little pet.
You've awakened something in me... something carnal, something... dominant.
I want to put you in your place, make you serve me. Make you my bitch.
Yeah, I'm gonna show you who's boss!
Here, lick your Master's sweaty pits clean. Fucking you made me work up a sweat.
You love my musk, don't you? I'll let it get extra strong for you in the future.
Your musk is magnificent, Master.
Rrghhh... such a good little slave. All mine.
You've been a good boy. Let's have some fun again soon.
Thanks for givin' me a home, friends.
Glad to have you, sir.
Might need to borrow one of your holes soon, boy.
It'd be an honor to be used by you, sir.
*Serve Gorpa*
I'm ready to serve you, sir!
That's a good boy. Come.
Mmh... handsome little guy.
You seem to appreciate my big, slimy body.
And you taste so nice. Gonna slime you up good, boy. Get on your knees for daddy.
Heh. Everything about me is slimy. Especially my cock. Have a taste.
Such a good boy... you love my musky slime.
Us slug men are an acquired taste. Sex with my kind is messy and sticky.
Finding a good little bitch is hard for us sometimes. But I'm lucky, I got YOU now.
Rrrgh... get ready for my load, boy!
Fuck yeah. Taste my essence.
You really drained me balls well. Thanks, little guy.
Now slurp all that slimy cum off of my cock. Clean me up with your tongue.
Now let's get you properly slimed up.
You'll feel, taste and smell me on you for days, boy.
I'm really proud of my musky and oily slime. It's an honor to get covered in it like this.
Mmnnh... so tasty.
Thanks for bein' my hole, boy.
My pleasure!
Hey, it's my favorite little fucker!
Hello, sir. I hope you're doing well.
Sure am. And makin' you my bitch is gonna make me feel even better.
*Be Darg's bitch*
Haha, good! Got something special planned for you today.
Your Master gave me control over your soul, little bitch. I'm fairly powerful.
I'd certainly like to experience your power, sir.
Mmh, so eager... I'll enjoy this thoroughly. As for you... well, we'll see.
Haha, this is gonna be fun! Do your thing, Darg. Show him his place.
Heh, yeah. Hey, you little shit... feel that? That's my power.
What's wrong, fucker? Your knees givin' way? Hahaha!
Now that's a good size for a dumbass like you. As tiny as an ant.
Now behave and follow my orders, or I'll make you even smaller, little fucker.
Damn, I wish I could make you this small when you're in your soul form. Maybe some day.
Anyway, look. I just took off my boots. They stink pretty bad, huh? I went for a jog in 'em earlier, too.
Now all they need is a little bitch in 'em. A tiny insole cleaner.
In you go, into your Master's stinkin' damp boots!
Fuck, orc feet stink. Kinda wish mine could get this musky, too. Ah well.
How's it lookin' in there, dumbfuck? Take a few deep breaths!
Haha, damn. Orc foot musk ain't no joke!
By the way, Reyn... I've used this insole for over 10 years now. It's just so comfy.
The smell of a decade of orc foot sweat.
Okay, little shit... go to your Master's to imprints. See that liquid pooling there? Drink it. Cover yourself in it.
Yeah, that's my foot sweat. I felt it squishin' earlier. Do as Darg says, slave!
Wow... smells so much like Rok's feet. Intense and musky.
Salty... sure tastes like it smells. Like Master's essence.
That's it, bathe in Rok's stinkin' toe water!
We're gonna let you swim in our masculinity today, little fucker.
Heheh... come and look up at us!
That's it... *ppfth* stay right there and enjoy this spit shower.
Nothing like your Master's slimy spit, eh? Keep your little mouth open!
You're a pretty tiny spit target. Kinda hard to hit.
Ooh, that one went right on your face!
Alright, go back to Rok's toe imprints and wait for our spit to pool there.
Enjoy your spit bath. Pretty slimy, from the looks if it.
Stay there and soak in it while we prepare another surprise, little fucker.
Swallow some of our slimy shit while you wait.
Fuck, I'm so horny. Makin' him our bitch makes me rock hard.
I feel ya. Let's show how much we appreciate his little slave ass.
Mmh... my balls are really full today. He's gonna drown in cum in there!
Grrrh... fuck...
Rrrgh... lots of thick, slimy cum for our little slave.
Enjoy it, fucker! A big dose of pure masculinity. Fresh from our sweaty balls.
We're gonna make you the biggest tiniest cum bitch, Reyn!
Have you noticed the taste in your mouth? That's your tongue slowly turnin' into cum.
And then the rest of you's gonna turn into our slimy jizz. But veeeery slowly. Can you feel it?
*Cough*... blbblb... blrb!
Don't bother tryin' to talk, little cum puddle. Shut up and turn into our ballsack slime!
Meltin' real slow, but you'll retain your senses. You gotta taste and feel what you're turnin' into.
Yeah... you're nothing but spit, foot sweat and cum now, trapped in the smelliest orc boot ever, little dumbass!
We'll let you ''enjoy'' this way of existence for a few hours. Gonna go grab a beer with Rok.
And when we come back, we're gonna piss in that boot.
Maybe I'll turn you back after that. We'll see. Enjoy bein' our slime, fucker!
Heh, if it were up to me I'd make you be my sentient slimy cum for days. Maybe after you're done with that Falgar stuff.
Ah, little servant... do not forget to service my private parts later.
Yes, sir Tharan. I can see that your balls are quite heavy.
Quite so, servant.
*Empty Tharan's balls*
Very good, servant. Come!
So eager to serve your lord. How adorable.
You'll suck my cock, little servant. But... your mouth is so small, and my dick so huge.
Now, if you had big maw like a bull, you could serve me much better.
Oh yes, I shall give you a bull's maw. Get on all fours for me, servant!
You don't mind being my pet bull for a while, do you?
Your sloppy, wet bull snout will feel so good around my cock!
Sorry for taking my time, servant. But I love slow and intense transformations, forcing you to feel every little change.
These hooves look good on you, servant.
Yes, you'll make for a great bull. A big and bulky beast.
Heheh... it feels quite strange and humiliating, doesn't it? To be reduced to cattle?
Now, I think you're adorable like this.
It's like you were never a human in the first place! A wet snout, a slobbery mouth... a perfect fit for you.
Now put your bull maw to good use, servant.
Oooh yes... that feels good. Such a slimy muscular tongue. And I can feel your throat muscles massaging my cock!
Well, giving you this form sure is paying off. You've gotten used to your beastly bovine body rather quickly.
My my... keep that pace up, little bull!
Rrrgh... now taste the seed of a dragon lord!
Swallow it, servant! Taste my cum.
Yes, that hit the spot. Suck my cock clean. Then I'll give you another task.
That's it... get your snout right under my tail.
My balls and my hole have gotten quite sweaty and musky. Clean them well for me, and rim me thoroughly.
Start with my balls...
...slowly work your way up to my tailhole...
...then massage my hole with your big slobbery tongue.
Ah... perfect. You're very good at this!
We should have you serve the others before I change you back. They'll love your tongue servicing their sweaty private parts!
Thank you for your service, my little cock-sucking bull. I'll make sure you'll find yourself on all fours like this regularly.
Yes, please! I enjoyed that quite a bit, sir.
I am born of the murkiest of waters, Reyn. Your kindness makes me feel less... dirty.
I don't think that makes you dirty in the first place. I'll serve you as you please.
I shall make good use of you then, my little one.
*Serve him*
Very good. Let's see how much of me you can take.
Many little creatures live in my swamp, safely and at peace.
Some have called me the Father of the Swamps, and some have even asked me to let them become part of my waters.
Now they live there, as small and slimy creatures, without worry or sorrow.
I will make you into one of my small creatures. I want you to feel what it is like to belong to my murky waters.
You'll be small and weak, Reyn. You'll have to rely on me to survive.
You'll be forced to breathe in my water.
Scales and fins...
Such transformations are quite uncomfortable, but don't worry. It'll be over soon.
A fish is a simple creature. Shy and small, forced to hide to evade predators. But that is not the case in my waters.
Ah, you are already gasping for water.
Oh, you've become an adorable little creature.
Writhing in my hand's palm, so vulnerable.
Now let me put you in your element, little slimy friend.
Here... let me bathe you in my water.
Liquids from my body are perfect for creatures like you. It carries my musk and the smell of my swamp.
Ah, you seem content now. Good. I'll make you swim in my essence.
*Pffth*... my saliva carries nutrients for your fish body. Swallow it.
Thick and slimy, a little treat for you.
My essence surrounds you. Now to give you something more substantial to eat, little fish.
Rrrgh... eat my seed, creature. Feast on it!
I can see how much you enjoy your meal. You deserve it.
You are all mine now, and my bodily fluids are deep inside your body.
Enjoy my essence for a few hours. I'm sure your Masters would love to feed you their spit and their cum. I'll go and find them.
Yes... we'll all take good care of you, little fish.
You've done very well. Thank you for giving yourself to me like this.
I loved being at your mercy. I felt very safe in your hands. Please let me swim in your essence again soon, sir.
Of course, my beautiful little fish.
Jason
Hey... that orc made you his personal bitch, huh? Bet you love that big, stinky fucker.
You could say I belong to him completely.
Rod
You like suckin' big cock, eh? How about you suck mine?
Yeah! Could use a nice fuckhole, too. Come be our little bitch, Reyn!
Sounds like a good time.
*Be their little bitch*
Alright, I'll be your bitch, guys.
Gonna fuck your brains out, haha!
Yeah. About time somebody drains our sweaty balls.
We were gonna have so much fun with you if that demon wouldn't have kicked our asses.
But hey, now you're with us again, on your knees in front of our cocks.
Rok said we can do whatever we want with you.
Yeah. You have to follow our orders.
Yeah, be a good little bitch for them, Reyn! They sure can use some attention and love.
Alright, Reyn... ready for our cocks?
Heh... gonna use my spit to lube up your tight asshole.
Guess I'm gonna make use of your mouth, then.
Time to suck cock and get fucked, Reyn!
Damn, you're tight. Feels pretty good, though. Your ass was made for cocks!
I sure would love to make use of your hole every day, little bitch.
No problem. I'll let you use him whenever you want.
Sharin' is carin! Now suck that cum outta my balls, Reyn.
Yeah... use your tongue to massage my dick.
Fuck... gonna fill you up with cum!
Such a... rrrgh... good fuckhole.
Enjoy this treat, fresh from my ballsack.
Not bad for a little bitch like you. You know how to service cocks, at least.
But we're not done yet. There's something else you're gonna do for me.
Never got to enjoy your tongue servicin' my stinkin' feet because we were so rudely interrupted back on that bridge.
They've gotten even sweatier now. Your tongue's gonna have to work hard to clean all that up.
By the way... we know you sucked the general's cock on the reg. Everyone knew.
Many of the fellas would've loved to make use of your holes.
We would've made you our battalion's little cock slut. Oh well.
Now you get to serve us here. And you better service my feet well, footrest.
My foot's pretty rough'n wrinkly, and you'll clean every single fold.
Slowly work your way up to my sweaty toes.
Clean the area between my toes properly.
That's it... get between 'em, and suck my toes clean.
Mmh, such a good foot slave.
Heh, you guys sure know how to make use of Reyn. Keep it up, boys! Maybe I'll even let ya go free if you dominate him well.
Eh, I'd much rather stay here and make Reyn our bitch.
Same for me. If I get to fuck Reyn every day, I'll be happy.
You're welcome to stay. Reyn's all yours whenever you want, boys.
You're our fuckin' bitch, Reyn. See ya tomorrow, haha!
Keep those holes ready for us at all times.
Hey. Let's not go down there unless we need to. There's some weird shit down there.
Alright, boss.
Alright, we can check the cellar for valuable shit for you, Mattis. It's dangerous, though. So watch out, everyone.
Ugh... the noises comin' from down there at night are the stuff o' nightmares.
That sounds really exciting! So none of you checked that place out yet?
We've just been real busy runnin' around with all of you guys.
And hey, there's safety in numbers, right?
Well, I'll gladly help you with your weird and haunted cellar.
My claws are ready to slice whatever's down there into pieces!
W-well, uh... let's go, then.
Scared? I'll protect ya, little guy. You can even hold my hand if you like, haha!
Aw... thanks, boss!
Hi there. Everything alright?
The slimes... are they still there?
Nah. We kicked their gooey asses.
I-it really is safe?
It is. But what are you doing down here?
W-well... I followed the big green guy there through this shiny stone gate. Thought I could maybe nab some valuable things.
Snuck down here and poked around a bit, but these horrible slimes started hunting me. I ran and hid here.
Not much of a fighter, are ya?
Not really. Uh, sorry for tryin' to steal from you guys. Please let me go. I've had to eat frogs and drink that stinky water to survive...
Haha, ew. Well, we're not gonna hurt you or anythin'. You can go home.
Thanks. Uh, but... I don't really have a home.
Well, you can stay here with us if you promise to be good and help us out a bit.
Really? Just like that?
Eh, sure. This place is big. And you're cute.
You can even make use of my little human slave here. He'll suck your dick or lick your feet, just tell him what he should do for ya.
I'll be happy to serve you, friend.
Heheh... I like obedient humans.
Reyn's the most obedient little bitch you'll ever meet.
I'll make good use of him, then! Oh, by the way...
...I found this golden goblet in that treasure chest. It's got diamonds all over and stuff! It's yours, so here, take it.
Wow, it's so pretty and shiny!
Right? It's amazing. All yours, friend!
Fuck yeah, now THAT'S a treasure.
Glad you like it. Me, I'll go and sit in the sun for a bit. See you later, friends!
Is that the kind of treasure you were looking for, Mattis?
Sure is! I gotta take this to my hometown immediately.
Sure, let's do that, turtle boy.
Altar
These old walls hold ancient secrets and knowledge. Fill the Bastion's halls with strong souls to receive our wisdom.
*Step away*
*Ask for wisdom*
Who or what are you?
Little human... you've found more Masters. I can feel their strength.
I shall give you two gifts. A spell that burns like dragon fire, and a spell that makes one as strong as a demon. Use them well.
Have you pleasured your Masters well recently, little one? You should suck all their cocks today and thank them for their seed.
I shall reduce your gag reflex so you can let their shafts slide down your throat more easily.
Thank you, sir! I'll try out your gift later today.
Good slave. Let them use your throat like the fuckhole it is now.
So many powerful Masters. Make sure to serve them and let their strength flow into you.
I shall give you two gifts. A spell that freezes like a storm of ice, and an incantation that makes one move faster and jump farther in combat.
I will strengthen your anal cavities and make them more durable and adaptable for the cocks of your Masters. Use it well.
W-wow... that feels... interesting. I have more control of my hole now. Thank you!
Let your Masters fuck you thoroughly. You are their little cum dump.
I can sense how well you've served your Masters lately. Such a good slave. And the number of your Masters has grown larger, too.
I shall give you two gifts -- first, a skill for Master Rok. With this, the orcish protector can defend you all better.
The second gift is a powerful light spell. It should help with your battle against the fallen demons.
A slave needs to be durable. I shall strengthen your body and increase the pleasure you receive from pain.
Now even the heaviest of your Masters can use you like a doormat without you being crushed under their large and sweaty feet.
That feels really good. Thank you!
Let them walk and step all over you and feel immense pleasure as they do so.
Ah... there are so many Masters for you to serve. It brings me such joy.
I shall give you two gifts -- first, a special spell for YOU, little human. Use it to heal your Masters better.
The second gift is a powerful spell of darkness. Sometimes, creatures of light may be in your way. Fend them off with this.
I shall adapt your body to be able to consume your Masters' urine and saliva better. It will be like water to you. You'll crave it.
Beg your Masters to let you drink directly from their cocks. You've no more need for water.
That is amazing... thank you, sir!
Serve them as their portable urinal and as their spit bucket, little human slave.
Our walls brim with powerful souls. You've done well, little human.
I shall give you a gift -- increased vitality for all of you.
Now then, little slave... as your final gift, I shall make your body able to survive off of your Masters' waste.
You no longer need normal food. Eat what your Masters give you -- their cum, their sweat, their saliva -- even their waste, if you wish. It is all you'll ever need and feel hunger for.
You are their ultimate slave now. Give yourself to them completely, little human.
I will. Thank you, sir!
There are more Masters you need to find first, little human.
I have no more gifts for you, but there is one more Master you can find, little human.
I sense a potential Master in the jungle... near a lizard settlement.
I sense a potential Master below a large dam, a little patch of land in the water.
I sense a potential Master in a place called Northgale.
I sense a potential Master in a swamp at the foot of large mountains in the north.
I sense a potential Master in a place of fallen souls... there are many roots and holes in the ground.
I sense a potential Master near a portal surrounded by three large rocks.
I sense a potential Master at a goblin town due south.
I sense a potential Master at a human town near Falgar's monastery.
I sense a potential Master very close to Falgar's monastery.
I sense a potential Master in the sands of Yuath... towards the eastern cliffside.
I sense a potential Master in the northern mountains, lost in the ice of a glacier.
I sense a potential Master near a ragged cliff and cold, partially frozen water.
I sense a potential Master at a ruined human fort.
I sense a potential lost soul inside a large dam.
I have no more gifts for you, and you've found all the powerful Masters I could sense out there.
Focus on serving them all. You are their property, their toy, their hole and their waste receptible. Kiss the ground they walk on, slave.
Understood, sir. I will serve my Masters well.
We are the voice of the first wyrms. These old walls are our home. We offer power and sanctuary to those we find worthy.
You may be just a weak little human, but you are among your Masters here. Help them to make the world better. Serve them. Pleasure them.
Y-yes, sir. I will.
Haha, yeah -- better do as they say, Reyn. You're our little bitch.
You've found your place in the world, little human. The more powerful souls your bring here, the more your combined strength shall grow. Search for them.
Yeah, I better go to bed.
Wonder what's gonna happen tomorrow...
See? Told ya to stick with me.
My dad knows the general. He made sure I'd get a safe post. All we need to do is watch this bridge.
You guys know we're supposed to fight demons, right?
They're holed up in some sort of old monastery up ahead. We're to take it back from them.
Demons...? Aren't they, like, immortal?
Kinda. Takes a lot to kill 'em. You need special weapons, imbued with some sorta spell.
What about you, farmer boy? Ever seen a demon?
There was one who regularly bought milk from our farm. Nice guy. Big and red, horns all over his body.
He let me ride on his back when I was a kid. He could lift me with one hand.
They get kinda big sometimes, right?
Yeah. Wonder why we're supposed to fight some of 'em. Ugh, I just want to go home.
Hey, farmer boy. Lie down on your back in front of me. I got a job for ya.
Haha. You better call me ''sir'', too.
Sure, if you like, sir.
Don't make me wait. Get down.
You've learned your place quickly, boy.
Right under your Master's sweaty feet.
So that's what you like, Reyn? Being a huge fuckin' bitch for us?
I do, sir.
Then you're gonna be our little foot slave today. Gonna make you suck on my toes!
You'll massage my sore soles with your tongue.
Yeah. We'll keep ya busy, little guy.
Hm. What is this? Bonding among soldiers?
Well, finish up, boys. Then your lives will be mine.
S-shit...
A demon!
Ready yourselves, little soldiers.
Let me show you the might of a demon!
I can take you three all at once. But at least try to put up a fight, please.
D-demon! We shall vanquish you and send you back to hell!
Try your hardest, you little feeble things.
I can feel how close to death you all are. How scared you are.
Maybe I'll let you live. Beaten and broken. Disgraced little soldiers.
Mmh. Still standing, despite your wounds. Commendable. What's your name?
I'm Reyn. Please don't kill my comrades, sir.
I won't, though owning their souls is quite tempting.
Well, what should I do with you, then?
I'd... rather not die.
I'll let you live on -- for now.
What a little submissive thing you are. Tell me... do you enjoy serving other men?
I do.
So that's why you licked your comrade's feet with suck fervor. Adorable.
I shall take my leave, human. You're deep in our territory, and other of my kin may not show you any kindness.
Good luck, little thing. Your journey's end is out there somewhere. Seek it out, if you dare.
They're both unconscious, but still breathing. I need to find help for them.
Someone who knows about treating wounds... and to help carry them to safety.
Maybe others of our battalion are close by.
Hold on a little longer, friend.
Nnngh...
I'll look for help.
General Holsten
Go to bed, soldier. You'll be deployed at sunrise.
If your survive this, I'll make good use of your mouth and throat again. You'd like that, yes?
Heh. Good man.
Hm? Still around?
I'm just a bit... lost, I guess.
Well, be careful and don't just run at demons or monsters that are surrounded by an aura of danger.
But what's the use of helping you when you're likely just going to die? You should just get outta here, boy.
Damn, another young human soldier. I saw a number of your kind headin' towards the monastery up north. What are you doing here? Do you have a death wish?
I'm looking for help. My comrades are wounded.
Sorry to hear that. I'm not gonna get involved, though. You all should never have come here.
Nothing but death awaits you if you're an enemy of the demons, young human.
It's not like I WANT to fight any demons, but...
I know. You're a soldier. You have your orders. You want to help your comrades. But in the end, you're just demon food out here.
At least know how to pick your battles. You should be able to see when a foe is stronger than you. A hint of red... of blood.
I'll try to be careful.
Heh. Good luck.
Hey, bud. You found my little cave o' wonders.
There's, like, monsters and stuff, so be careful if you head deeper inside.
I'll sell ya some of my stuff if you like. It could be helpful for a wanna-be adventurer like you.
Thanks, Mr. Goblin!
You're a nice kid. One more advice -- try to stay outta sight of strong monsters. You can sneak past 'em that way.
Got it, sir.
Ugh... another humanoid. How about you beat it? This place was gifted to us by one of your idiot kings. It's ours!
Stop trying to take it back, you squishy fuckers! A gift is a gift.
I don't want any trouble.
Then fuck off, idiot. Shoo!
Hey... want to give me your soul? You'd make for a great pet.
Y-your pet?
Yeah. You'd love it, I bet. I'd train you to follow my orders and I'd even let you sleep at my feet.
Hm... well, that's...
Haha, you like the thought of that, don't ya? What a little submissive thing you are.
Heheh, hey. I'll sell ya some of that old military crap.
Maybe you won't die as quickly with it, squishy little human.
My, my. Another little human. A squad of your buddies walked up north.
I need to find them, Mr. Demon.
Well, I'm not sure if there's much left of them. But I'm not gonna stop ya.
By the way, I found some military supplies. I can sell you some of 'em, if you like.
I think it's stuff from the platoon they sent last month. They've got no use for it anymore. They're all too dead.
Did other demons kill them?
Pretty sure, yeah. Then again, these soldiers tried to kill those demons first.
It's to be expected. We're not too keen on you little soldiers here.
Well, are you gonna buy something now, little guy?
I... uh, I guess.
Hint
When the text ''Shop'' is displayed in the lower left, you can enter the menu and buy items.
Purchasable items are found in the Items an the Equipment menu, but with a price attached. You can also see the effects on the stats equipment will have.
Money and other valuables can be found while exploring. Defeating enemies also yields some cash.
He's sleeping deeply.
He's sleeping. Smells like he didn't wash up before bed.
What? Wanna get under my balls again?
I'll service 'em whenever you want me to.
Good boy. But we need to go back to our tent. You can suck on my balls tomorrow morning, when I head out for my morning piss.
Either go to bed or train with me, kid.
The bed it is.
Good. Rest up for tomorrow.
Farmer boy, stop fidgeting around and go to bed.
Y-yeah, you're right.
I'll look out for ya on the battlefield tomorrow. So just stay close to me, got it?
Yeah. Thanks.
Nothing but darkness and fog down in the valley.
Jason said a lot of us soldiers are gonna die here.
Don't even know who we're meant to fight.
I better go back to my tent before sarge notices.
Got somethin' nice for your buddy?
Still need to do some poking around.
Fuckin' get on with it, then.
Alright, alright.
Found 10 gold.
Sweet. Bribin' works, y'know.
Let's go back before sarge notices we're missing.
Not so fast, farmer boy. There's still one more thing you gotta do for me.
Ugh. What now?
My hairy balls are fuckin' sticky and sweaty.
And the only wet thing I see right now is your little tongue.
You should get a taste of a real soldier like me. It'll do ya good.
Fine, I'll do it.
That's a good boy. Get down on your knees, then.
Saw you sniffin' my old sweaty undies last night.
Now you get to taste the source of my musk, farmer boy.
Run your tongue across my sweaty nuts. Over and over. Until all the sweat's gone.
That feels good, farmer boy. Keep suckin' my balls.
If you keep bein' a good boy, I'll let you suck me off some day.
But you're on ballsack duty for the next few days, that's for sure.
Looks like you enjoyed that. Well, so did I.
Don't you dare wash your face. I want you to smell like me all night.
Yeah, you're gonna call me 'sir' from now on, farmer boy.
You'll give my cock a nice tongue bath every morning and every evening from now on.
Haha, nice! Now let's go back to bed. The big battle's tomorrow.
Hey, loser. Get your ass over here.
What is it, Jason?
Thought nobody heard you sneaking out at night, yeah?
I'll keep it to myself if you do me a favour.
Like what?
Could use some spare change. I'm sure there are some valuables in all the old junk layin' about up here.
Fine. I'll take a look.
Good boy. I'll wait here, chump. Don't take too long.
A dark cave... it smells pretty weird in there. Got no real reason to go inside.
Can't leave. Deserters get put to death.
Small Demon
Hey, monkey boy. Got my blood ruby yet?
Still working on it.
Okay. Remember, it's in the cave to the west.
Found one, yeah. Here ya go.
Amazing, thanks! Gonna make it into a nice home for one of my pet souls.
Guess you can come in. Maybe you'll find what you're lookin' for. Or not. Heheh!
Reyn. We'll have to part ways now. I've got places to be.
I understand. Thanks for your help. And for giving me a taste of you.
Hope you haven't sucked me off for the last time. See ya around, little handsome soldier.
Heh. You sucked that guy's dick, huh?
Yeah. Big guy, big cock, big load.
Nice. Good on ya, soldier!
Ew, another human soldier! Why do you keep coming here?
Sounds like you've seen some soldiers around. Were are they?
Mmh... some are dead, some yielded and came inside to talk to the boss. You can come in, too -- if you do me a favor.
What sort of favor?
There's a cave to the west. I'm pretty sure there are blood rubies in there. And I want one! A BIG one!
Well, alright. I'll take a look at that cave.
Wow, a useful human? I'm surprised. I'll be even more surprised if you bring me my blood ruby.
Run along now, little monkey man. Into the dark, scary cave. Heheh.
Damn, this place seems pretty dangerous. Maybe I shouldn't go inside all by myself.
Um, hey...
Dude! Don't just TALK at me like that!
Sorry. I was just wondering if you want to explore this creepy cave with me.
Sounds good to me. But... aren't you a soldier? Don't you have somewhere to be?
Probably, but I kind of ran out of options, and now I'm all alone. Gotta find a blood ruby for a demon, too.
Well, you just might find one in here. I'm Mattis, by the way.
I'm Reyn. Cave explorer buddies?
Yup, cave explorer buddies. Lead the way!
You don't know much about healing arts, do you?
True. It wasn't a focus during my training.
Well, if you're gonna run around in caves like this, you should at least know some first aid.
I'll teach you the basics.
Sounds good! I'm listening.
That's gonna come in handy, Mattis.
Yup. You'll need some experience, though. You gotta really focus on your first aid skill to make the most of it.
Equip skills in the ''learn'' slot in the skills menu. Once learned through receiving learn points (LP) in battles, the skill will always be usable.
Make sure to equip ''First Aid'' if you want to use it.
Got it, thanks!
Mattis! A pressure plate.
Yeah. Give it a good soldier boot stomp!
I think it did something! I heard a noise back from where we came.
Let's check it out.
Weird place for a rock.
There's something below it.
Wow. You're pretty strong!
You bet I am! Here, feel my biceps.
Big and rock hard.
Yeah. I train a lot.
What else about you is big and rock hard, Mattis?
Heh. Get on your knees and I'll show you.
Sure is big. Bet I can make it hard, too.
Yeah. Suck my dick and make it grow inside your mouth.
You got it, boss.
Your mouth feels good. Soft'n warm.
Nice tongue game, Reyn. Keep that pace up.
I'm gonna unload my balls into you, boy.
Fuck yeah. Feel my cock pump it all down your throat.
Mhh... swallow my jizz!
Pretty big load, right? Like how it tastes?
It's really good, sir.
You did well. You sure know how to service a man's cock.
Love seeing you covered in my cum like this.
Now be a good boy and clean it all up with your tongue.
Well, that was nice. But to the task at hand -- take a look at this.
What is that? An elemental well?
Correct. It's what I've been looking for. We can tap into it and use fire and ice spells.
Can you teach me how to do that?
Sure. Hold out your hands and concentrate. Try to feel the elements inside you.
Ah... wow, that feels strange.
You did well. You can now conjure simple flame and ice sparks.
I bet we can use that against enemies. And hey, you can even use it to start camp fires and cool down drinks!
I'm learning a lot of new skills today.
Guess I'm a decent teacher. But we still need to find your blood ruby, right?
Yeah. Let's see if we can get further in with our new skills.
To use your new fire and ice skills, you'll need to equip them in the ''learn'' slot. Once learned, skills remain usable at all times and grow in strength.
That could be a blood ruby, right?
Yeah. Those things can be used as a prison for souls. Demons like using them.
Well, great. I don't even want to know what that little demon fella's gonna do with it.
Looks like we're done with this cave. Let's get outta here.
Don't hesitate if you want to give your soul to one of us demons. We LOVE willing souls!
W-what would happen if I gave my soul away to a demon?
Depends. Some of us love having little slaves to play with. Others will turn you into whatever they want.
Me, I'd make you into a sentient cock ring and wear you forever. Heheh.
That's... wow.
You'd be a fine cock ring, human.
Large Demon
Mmmh... your soul smells of submission and servitude.
If you devote yourself to us completely, we will let you stay here and... take VERY GOOD care of you.
That's an intriguing offer, Mr. Demon.
Heheh. Then just give yourself to us.
Yet another little soldier.
Damn, boy. You should've just ran.
Indeed. Stay right there and do not move if you value your life.
I... I just need someone to help my comra--
Silence, soldier. The big boys are talking.
Now then, General. I'll spare you life you give me your soul. What do you say?
I... I'll give you my soul, demon.
Hahaha! Very good! You shall belong to me from now on. You will be my little pet. Remove your clothes and get on all fours, General.
You'll never walk on two legs again. You shall be my obedient dog.
You're used to following orders, yes? Now you'll only follow mine.
You'll be a good doggy for me, won't you, General?
I will, sir.
Good. Then let me give you an appropriate form.
A hellhound, at my beck and call.
Claws and fangs, and scaly skin.
You've become an adorable little doggy.
Your name shall be Drooltooth. You'll always be at my side. At my feet.
That shall be your first task today, Drooltooth. Lick my feet clean.
The general... a hellhound?
Yeah, Lord Falgar loves turning men into his pets. Pray you're not to become his next one.
Demon Lord Falgar
Good doggy. Lick them thoroughly.
Now what did we talk about again, Rok?
If you keep killing these young soldiers like this, you'll only draw more of their ire.
How long do you plan to keep this up? Until there's a mountain of soldiers in front of this old monastery?
They attempt to strike us down with their imbued weaponry. They mean to kill us. To remove us from our property.
This is our rightful home, Rok. We are merely defending it.
You are so powerful, old and wise. Can you not think of a way to save all these young human lives?
Hm. You really seem to like these little soldier men.
Let us test how much you really care for these humans.
Little one... I can smell your fear. I can feel your heart racing.
Are you afraid of the big, bad demon lord? You should be.
You know, I was once told the human heart is where the soul lives.
But to me, your heart is a mere muscle I can crush to snuff your life out.
N-NO! DON'T KILL HIM!
The blood flow stops, and so does his body.
They die so quickly, don't they? But... what if you could save his life, Rok?
Look... this is his little soul. I've removed it from his body.
He's so small like this. Why did you kill him?
For you to prove something to me.
I can bind him to your soul. You can share your life force with him.
You'll own him like I own my souls. You'll be his master. But it will halve your remaining time of your mortal life.
Now, Rok... will you save him?
Damn you, Falgar! But yes, I will. Bind him to me.
Hahaha... good. I hope this little shit's gonna be a right pain in the ass for you.
The way he led his life up until now seems to have darkened his soul somewhat.
Your task is to make him see reason, have him find love and to make his soul shine bright, away from the self-made shackles of mankind.
Maybe I'll listen to you if you achieve that, Rok. Now take him and try not to crush his soul with your clumsy orcish hands by mistake.
I hereby bind him to you. His body and soul will be allowed to live through your own strength.
You are his master now. His owner.
Well, little guy... guess you're comin' with me. I'll take good care of you.
I wonder if he'll appreciate any kindness you'll show him.
He'll likely wake up in a couple of hours. Take his frail body and his little soul and begone.
Return only if you've achieved what I asked, or I shall crush you, orc.
Fine. I'll take my leave. This isn't over, however. I'll prove you wrong.
Heheh. You'll die trying, Rok.
Rrgh... what's this strange pulling sensation?
Caves... not a fan of 'em. But there might be valuable stuff inside!
Always keep an eye out for places with treasure, boy. Caves'n ruins and stuff.
Heh, by the way... I've got some special places between my legs you should explore thoroughly.
Do as your orc master says and you'll be fine.
You were born to be submissive, boy. Serve us well.
Damn, all this runnin' around got my hairy ass all sweaty. Guess what you're gonna do for me later.
I will teach you the true meaning of domination, little mortal. I'll shape you, mold you and change you as I please!
*What's on his mind?*
*Ask to serve him*
I will, Master Karas.
I'll service your ass whenever you need me, sir.
I bet there's a really nice treasure hidden in your fat balls.
I bet you could do many interesting things to me, Master Slith.
Hi, feathery friend.
Rrrgh... could use a nice'n soft human mouth suckin' my cock. A mouth like yours. I'm sure you'd love that.
That sounds like a good time, boss!
Ugh... such a hassle. Can't these portals just work?
And Reyn -- you need to get stronger so you don't drag me down in battle. Be a good'n useful soulbound for your owner. Heheh.
A pass from the goblins? That's a new one. Somethin' weird must be goin' on.
Ugh, my fuckin' balls got sticky'n sweaty with all this walkin' around. You better give 'em a nice tongue bath later.
Just what's happenin' around Falgar's monastery? That big fucker is nothing but trouble.
Fuckin' Falgar... what's he gonna do with that strange power of his?
Hmph. Would be fun to turn you into a small crawly thing for a bit though, Reyn. I'd make you a little worm wrigglin' under my balls...
Goin' shopping with Benno, eh? Ah well, guess we could use some supplies'n shit.
We gotta get to Stahlheim and see what Falgar's up to. That big fucker's nothin' but trouble.
Ugh, bein' in my boots all day makes my feet sweat. You should give 'em a nice'n long tongue bath, little foot bitch.
Fuckin' Stahlheim's totally ruined. Falgar ain't messin' around. Not that I ever liked that stupid city...
Where the fuck are we, Reyn? Looks like the depths, but... ggrrgh. We gotta get back home somehow.
What's with that weird castle? Demons sure like pompous buildings. Makes my fort look like a fuckin' ruin.
Slith's acquaintance... sure, let's run around in fuckin' HELL a bit. Why not. Rrrgh...
A soul stone... can I put YOU into it and shove it up my ass? That'd be fun. Then again, I could easily shove you up my butt in your soul form, anyway.
Gotta find Black's dragon buddies. We're gonna make you suck their big dragon cocks, haha! Good training for ya, little fucker.
Guess we gotta talk to the black dragon. Maybe we can make you jerk him off again. That was fun! You look so good covered in slimy dragon jizz.
We gonna kick Falgar's ass or what? About time. Damn, I'm gonna fuck you for hours after all this shit, blastin' all my frustrations right up your ass.
Goraia... some old fallen god. I remember that guy stirrin' up shit when I was younger, but a demon and his soulbound kicked his ass.
No WE are gonna kick Goraia's ass. Better fight hard by my side, little bitch. And lick the sweat off o' my tits afterwards.
Fuckin red dragon... why's he gotta live up all the way north?
What the fuck's up with this Angel Gate place? It gives me the creeps.
Guess it makes sense for that green dragon fucker to live beyond the desert. There's a fuckin' jungle there.
Ugh, that's gonna be a hot'n sweaty trek. You're gonna have to work hard to keep my balls'n pits sweat free -- with your tongue, of course.
May I serve you, boss?
Haha, sure! Gonna train my little soulbound well.
We're gonna get you used to the way I smell and taste tonight.
Orc musk is pretty strong, and you need to learn to love it.
I want to be able to appreciate your smell as best as I can, boss.
Good boy. Now shove your face into my balls.
Yeah... breathe in through your nose, and out through your mouth.
Let my ballsack musk make your cock hard.
That's it, boy -- take in your Master's musk. Smellin' it means you're safe. It means you're exactly where you belong. You're at home right here.
Get to know every little wrinkle and every little fold on my balls. Feel the musky warmth on your face.
Heh... I'll have you sleep between my ballsack's folds in your soul form on the reg.
Now let's get you used to my ass musk.
Same as before, soulbound. In through your nose, out through your mouth.
Mnnhh...
Heh, quite a bit muskier, eh? Keep your face in there, boy.
Guess I'm gonna be nice and not fart right in your face -- this time. Haha!
I know my ass musk is no joke, but if your rock hard cock is any indication, you seem to like it.
How about you clean my hole up a little? Lick all those little ass folds clean.
Damn, your tongue sure knows what it's doin'. Gonna prepare a little treat for ya as thanks.
Your food's ready, soulbound. Come and lick it off of my boot.
Good boy. Enjoy your treat.
This is what my balls produce every couple o' hours. Orc balls are almost always full!
I want my boot spotless, boy. But take your time and savour the taste of my ballsack slime.
You're a pretty good soulbound -- or maybe I should call you ''slave''? Same thing, I guess.
I can feel my balls makin' the next load for ya already. Look forward to it, slave!
Heh. Gonna make you swallow my cum every day, boy.
Thanks, boss! I love how it tastes.
Rok & Reyn: DEF +3
I am thinking about giving your holes a thorough stretching with my cock.
These portals seem important.
The goblins... they've always been good friends of my kind.
Strange magic surrounds Falgar's monastery. Something is very wrong.
Nobody should be able to wield such powers. Especially not Falgar, considering how much he is motivated by hate.
Ah, yes. Lumbak. I've had to sneak past its walls numerous times. They do not appreciate trolls there.
Falgar's plans for Stahlheim are quite dire. Can we even make a difference against such a foe?
You can keep me motivated by letting me fuck your various bodily orifices, little pet.
The city lies in ruins. Falgar is much too powerful.
The depths... this is not a place meant for the living. Yet we are here, beneath a blanket of darkness.
Many places here serve as bastions of punishment for darkened souls. It is the job of demons to keep the soul stream clean of their filth.
Slith must be quite a powerful demon, but something seems to have interfered with his strength.
I suppose soul stones can hold powers that may benefit us once we face Falgar. We shall see.
Dragons to find... I hope you'll end up under their big, musky cocks. If not, you'll find yourself under mine again soon, little slave.
Well, I rather enjoy the company of the dragons. I'm sure you loved servicing their scaly cocks, Reyn.
We're finally going to face Falgar. Support us well, little Reyn. And give my aching muscles a thorough massage afterwards.
Goraia was sealed beneath the earth by Alea, the Dragon Goddess long ago. Yet fragments of him seem to surface from time to time.
It seems there are those susceptible to his dark whispers, his promises of power. He uses them to try and free himself.
Well, the northern mountains are an odd choice for the red dragon, considering his element is that of blazing fire.
Human places of worship are quite strange to me. Let us leave Angel Gate behind soon.
A dragon beyond the sands of Yuath... I shall be using you as my personal sweat rag, little slave.
May I serve you, Master Karas?
Of course. Serve me well, little slave.
Heh, you're on your knees already. I like a slave who knows his place.
Yes... your submission is truly delicious, little Reyn.
Well, let me make this official. I'll mark you as mine.
My potent urine will make you smell like me. Let it wash over you.
This will let other trolls know that you belong to my kind. That you are at our command.
Open your mouth and drink my piss, pet.
Swallow my bitter liquid waste. Let it mark you as mine inside and outside.
Mmh... so eagerly drinking my piss. Good boy.
I require a nice and tight hole now, slave. Get up.
Yes... your hole is perfect. Try to relax and let me guide you to my climax.
My cock produces large amount of pre. You can feel it inside you, yes?
I can taste your submission and willingness to serve all over you.
Rrrgh... take in my seed! Let it fill you.
Ah, you're such a good receptible for my cum.
Mmnh... all mine.
Ah, how good your special cock service feels... keep it up, slave.
Massage me with that flexible tongue of yours.
In fact, you'll service my whole body. I am covered in musk and sweat.
My sole's folds long to be cleaned.
And my toes need to be sucked clean.
Then you shall experience the damp and sweaty depths of my armpits.
And my chest is positively glistening with sweat for you to taste.
Take your time, little slave. Taste me and service me for hours to come.
Always remember who you belong to, slave.
Karas & Reyn: MAG +3
Hey, why don't you get under my sweaty ass and give me a nice'n thorough rimjob? That'd be nice!
Supplies are important. Plus, those two soldier fuckers in our cell sure eat a lot. I saw 'em do push-ups for hours and shit. Ugh, no wonder.
Great, a trip to Stahlheim. More runnin' around. Gonna be restin' my big ass on your face when we take a break later.
Guess that's that for Stahlheim.... ruins filled with worms and slugs. Pretty insane to do that to a whole city.
We're in fuckin' hell? Did we die or what? I sure feel alive, and my pits smell as musky as always. Get under 'em and give 'em a good sniff, boy.
A demon castle? Well, should've expected as much from the depths hell. Let's try not to die.
That demon seems to have important friends. And I guess he also owns your soul now.
You're gonna be his bitch for eternity in your afterlife, haha!
I'm not good with magical crap. You guys can take care of that. I just wanna relax and fuck your throat, boy.
Findin' more dragons? Well, those big fuckers sure are impressive. Especially their big musky cocks.
Good thing you're not picky when it comes to dicks, right? Suck some dragon cock you fuckin' bitch, haha!
Back to that big black scaly fucker. He's nice enough, I guess.
Now this soul stone stuff better work, otherwise we'll probably all gonna be worms'n slugs.
But hey, I'll fuck your holes even if we're both slugs. They have pretty wild'n rough sex, I hear.
Ugh, an old fallen god... maybe he'll just disappear if we choose not to believe in him. Isn't that how god stuff works?
But considerin' my luck, we probably gotta fight him instead. Damn.
Damn, we're goin' hiking in the mountains, eh? Guess those big scaly fuckers like livin' in faraway places, away from us humans.
Angel Gate... heard bad stories about this place. Too bad we can't just walk around it. And no joinin' weird sects, Reyn! You belong to the church o' my cock'n ass.
That green dragon's gotta be kidding... livin' all the way past the desert? He must hate visitors.
Need me to service your ass now, sir?
Fuck yeah! It's like a damn swamp back there, haha!
You're the biggest bitch I've ever met, and I mean that in a loving way.
You really like how big men like Rok'n me smell and taste, yeah?
I could spend hours between your butt-cheeks, sir.
Guess I'm gonna use your face as a fuckin' chair on the reg, then.
Now how about you kiss my ass now, boy? A proper tongue kiss.
Pretty sweaty and musky, huh? Lick my cheeks clean, then rim my hole thoroughly.
Good boy. Lick and breathe in deep, ass bitch!
Man, that feels good! Great tongue game, boy.
Your face is gonna reek of man ass and musk for hours.
You really are a great ass slut. You should provide this service for the others, too.
Fuck, my cock is rock hard. Suck me off, Reyn.
You like rimming big asses AND you can handle big cocks! You really are the perfect slave.
Finding a total bitch like you is rare. Guess we're lucky.
I sure love havin' you around. You're like a livin', breathin' cock-suckin' sweat rag.
That's it, boy... suck my dick and enjoy the musk down there.
Suck the sweat outta my foreskin folds while you're down there.
Heheh, a nice'n big load for my little bitch.
Lick all that jizz off of my cock, boy.
Nothin' like eatin' your master's big, thick load, right?
Ugh, my asshole is sweaty again. I need my ass service chair!
Your face is really comfy, little chair. Let me feel your tongue down there.
How's the view? I got a real nice ass, right?
Clean all my ass folds properly, boy. Run your tongue along 'em.
You're gonna stay down there for hours. Now give my hole another nice'n sloppy tongue kiss.
My ass feels real nice thanks to your tongue, but it's already gettin' sweaty again. Good thing I got my little butt slave right here, haha!
I'm always here for you and your musky ass, sir.
Benno & Reyn: ATK +3
Haha, hey! Suck my big turtle dick, Reyn!
Damn, you guys really wanna walk into the lion's den, huh? Well, let's go. I bet there's some nice valuable shit in the order's library.
Well, uh... Stahlheim's totally flattened. Fuck. Let's not get turned into worms by Falgar, yeah?
Unless... wanna be my pet slug? I'll let you chill in my underwear, on my sweaty balls.
I'm not dead, right? Reyn, suck my dick and check if I'm still alive.
Sure let's poke around in that demon castle. Demons often have ancient valuables stashed away because a lot of them are dozens of centuries old.
Wow, Slith is a bit scary. But he's nice enough. Plus, he made you your bitch, Reyn! That's hilarious.
Well, that soul stone sure seems valuable. Not that I'm plannin' on sell it or anything like that, I'm just dreaming about the potential riches.
Heh, don't you wanna ride a dragon? That must be so fun. You should suck my dick while we ride one!
Let's see what the black dragon's up to. Maybe he needs you to jerk him off again.
We're gonna be heroes if we defeat Falgar, right? You're gonna suck my heroic turtle cock so hard after all of this.
Damn, Reyn... an ancient evil god? It's just a fragment of him, but can we do that? Kick Goraia's ass?
Make sure to keep me healthy and motivated with your healing spells and your cock-suckin' slave mouth.
Heh. Turtle men like me can handle cold mountain weather just fine. I'll give ya a warm hug if you're feelin' cold up on those snowy mountains.
Why are humans so easily caught up in these weird sects? Reyn, just pray at the altar of my sweaty scaly balls instead.
Deserts and jungles are fun. Not many humans around, for one. Well, let's see if we can find that green dragon and have you suck its cock.
Need some love, big guy?
You bet! I'm gonna have Rok put you in your soul form. You'll be my tiny-ass bitch!
Haha, you're such a tiny little fucker like this.
I could swallow you whole, but I don't think Rok would like that very much.
He made some fun suggestions for what I should do with you, so you can thank him for this later.
*Pffth*... yeah, this one's from Rok, haha! He was impressed my my thick, slimy spit. Now you get to experience it.
Heheh, a few more... just for you, little guy.
Damn, my spit's extra thick today. Now lick up as much of it as you can, little bitch.
Perfect. Suck it outta my skin folds.
Thick and salty, right? Swallow more!
Haha, nice! You really do whatever I tell ya, huh? Fuck, that's hilarious.
Alright, now how about you give my foot some love? Let's get you down there.
Pretty good view of your Turtle Master, right?
But why are you just standing around gawkin'?
Get in-between my toes and lick me clean there, foot bitch.
Yeah, right there. Lick all that old sweat and dirt outta the folds.
Heheh, that tickles. I can feel your tiny tongue.
Maybe I'll make you clean my whole foot later, but for now I want you to take care of my dick.
Here, climb my cock, little fucker!
My thick veins are pretty good footholds, right?
Hey, see all those foreskin folds? Lick 'em clean for me.
I always get so musky and sweaty under there. Take a few deep breaths and enjoy my cock stink, haha!
Guess you'll just have to clean my foreskin folds regularly. Maybe it won't get as smelly down there that way.
Alright, little bitch... climb onto my cock head and shove your head into my dickhole. Tongue-kiss it and rim it.
Oh fuck, that feels great.
Heh, let's see if you can make me cum like this. Lick harder!
D-damn... that's so incredible. Good little cocksucker.
My balls are fuckin' full tonight. Keep goin' and drain them for me.
Nnghh... fuck...
Hah... damn!
Right in your face, bitch!
That's how a man tastes, fucker. Eat my cum!
You're not going to be hungry today, that's for sure.
Now how about you service those balls you've just drained so well?
Those fat sweaty balls need to be nice'n clean. You've got all night to service 'em.
You'll be lickin' 'em until I tell you to stop. And if I doze off, you better keep licking.
Got lots of musky folds your tongue can explore down there.
Good boy... dive right in, haha!
Well, tiny you sure is fun to play with. We'll do this often, Reyn.
I'll be your tiny bitch whenever you like.
Mattis & Reyn: SPD +2
You are all mine, human. soul, body and mind!
My friend is big, black and scaly. You'll love him, little pet.
Rrsss... let's find that soul stone. Such a fun toy, but instead of using it to imprison souls, we'll probably have to fill it with the power of dragons.
Ah, yes... the other dragons. Be ready to service their cocks, little slave!
Let us go see Black. Shall I make you worship his cock in your puny soul form? You could wiggle down his dickhole and rest in his balls.
Hrsss... Falgar's in for a surprise. He'll kneel before us! He'll grovel at my feet and beg for mercy! Such a lovely thought.
Goraia... he created demons, but he used them as his slaves, to collect souls for him.
Upon his demise, my kind was tasked to keep the soul stream clean. Now humanity's souls are at our mercy. And so are you, little slave.
The red dragon seems to like the snowy mountains in the northwest. Maybe his temper needs cooling. Ah well. You better worship his scaly cock properly, slave!
Ugh. Angel Gate. Such a ridiculous place. There's no such thing as angels. Trust me, little slave -- I know a lot about such things.
Hmph. Let's make the trip through the desert a short one. Too much sun for my tastes.
But it'll be a good chance to show you how musky and sweaty a demon like me can get. I'll make you swim in my sweat and stink!
I yearn to be your plaything, Master Slith.
Hrrsss... then come, little slave. I shall put you in your place -- and worse!
Heheh. Little soul... little toy.
So weak and small. And completely at my mercy!
I shall make you as small as a dust speck, you tiny pathetic soul.
Shrink, slave! Be as insignificant and small as you were always meant to be.
See how well this miniscule size suits you? The world around you won't even pay any notice to you like this.
And I'll make you even smaller! You'll be like a little crumb of dirt in my palm.
Hrsss... I can't even see you anymore, dust speck!
I know exactly where you are, though. I can sense you. I can feel your emotions. You seem a bit overwhelmed, speck!
Well, I better put you somewhere save, warm and... slimy.
Hrsss... mmh...
Hold on to my tongue, little slave.
Then again... you'll probably just stick to the thick saliva on my tongue.
Got you, speck.
How do you like my maw from this vantage point? Do you enjoy the hot, humid air and my breath?
You should help yourself to some of my saliva. Drink my slimy, salty spit!
Try not to slide down my throat by mistake, speck!
Well, I think that's enough resting for you.
Heheh, there's no resisting the flow of my saliva for a tiny little thing like you.
Rsss... you'll get to explore the depths of my dickhole.
You're sliding down my pisshole already, speck!
Now how about I pleasure myself while you're stuck inside my cock? Yes, that'll be entertaining -- for me.
Can you still smell my old piss? Are the walls of my dickhole slimy and sticky?
Well, it does seem like you're enjoying yourself in there.
I'm not surprised you enjoy the stench of my urine, cum and musk in there, considering who you are.
It's what I expect of a slave like you -- to adore my musk, my smell, my slimiest, most hidden places.
Rrsss... fuck... I'm about to cum, speck!
Well, that felt good. Looks like I shot you onto my foot, speck. Not that I can SEE you.
Such a sticky mess, and you're in the middle of it!
Now how about you stuff yourself with my cum and my sweaty foot's musk? Worship my foot, dine on my cum!
I can feel how much my foot's stench turns you on. How much you love my bitter cum.
Your task is to clean my big toe of cum and sweat -- as much as a speck of dust like you can manage.
You'll remain on my foot for the remainder of the night. I'll check on your progress tomorrow.
Hrsss... work hard down there, little foot speck!
That was entertaining. I'll have to be careful not to break your little soul, though. I promise to be cautious, my little eternal plaything.
I'm proud to belong to you like this, Master Slith.
Slith & Reyn: MDEF +3
How you doin', Mr. Cow?
Good horsey!
Hey, kitty!
Good doggy!
Dog
Bork! Bork!
Bark!
How about a short rest?
sleep
Cancel
Rest
HP and MP restored!
Got Item:
 
Nothing going on here.
Got Money:
 G
It's of no use here.
Can't save now!
Nothing to load!
Battle Mode Activated!
-Victory-
-Defeat-
Defending
Experience + 
Learning Points + 
learned skill
: 
Got Money
-Quests Updated-
Waiting...
Found Item
learned
!
Not available in this version.
New Travel Point Unlocked!
Can't fast-travel right now.
Can't switch characters right now.
Enemy speed increased!
No targets in reach.
Not enough MP.
